Streuner47	9	May  2, 2014	
Amazing! Great build-up for at least another two movies, as we all know. A great act of an epic saga. This Film has character-depth, character-development, an awesome score and an absolutely epic feeling in 3D.
blockofcheese	10	May  2, 2014	Amazing pretty much says it all. I've seen the 1st Amazing Spider-Man about 20 times because of how well landed the characters were... with deeply rooted story. All the back story is pretty much the 1st film, Amazing Spider-Man 2 picks up were the first film ended (Maybe with a couple days gone by.) (don't worry no spoilers here.) Also no matter what age you are, I can honestly say you'll love this film. A great deal of love is well woven into the (well-written) story. 100% A+ 10/10foxgrove	6	May  2, 2014	Ludicrous plotting doesn't spoil an otherwise entertaining Marvel adventure,although it isn't as good as the first instalment. This sequel benefits from the continuance of gifted actor Andrew Garfield as the titular character. His ability is almost wasted in such a generic movie. In the past he has demonstrated superlative talent in such powerful dramas as 'Boy A' and 'Red Riding' and one can only hope that he returns to more substantial roles soon.What we have here is a known entity which will delight its fan base. A slick package with all the usual components fabulously integrated including out standing visual effects,sharp editing and eye catching cinematography. The film is never dull or boring, although it is slightly drawn out, and the romantic interludes are predictably sweet, if forgettable. It's all very undemanding stuff and the over sensitive may even shed a tear or two. A surprise sequence near the end of the film, involving Emma Stone, is a knockout of a scene.LamontRaymond	3	May  2, 2014	It's just so bland and boring.... the film lacks a pulse.  There was one genuinely heart-felt moment toward the very end of the film that got me, but the rest?  Very blah.  The second Captain America film was a thousand times better than this film.  The chemistry between the two leads is meager, the bad guys don't inspire fear like those in the the Dark Knight series - not even close.  You can't even put those two franchises in the same paragraph.  I was a HUGE Spider-Man fan as a kid - what a shame that they can't make a good movie for this character.  (Or a good video game, for that matter.)l1u3k7e	10	May  2, 2014	
EPIC from start to finish!! Don't listen to the critics saying that these movies shouldn't exist. Who cares that it has not been that long since the original trilogy? Marc Webb is doing an awesome job with Spider-Man and this one left me wanting more!! It's a must see in IMAX 3D!!
gwam	1	May  3, 2014	I'm really sad for Marc Webb he's been more and more disappointing since his romantic flick '500 days of summer'. In 'The amazing Spider-Man 2' there's a lot of plot holes and the characters don't feel like they've been developed properly. The movie force-feed information that aren't even required for the plot to advance. It feels like the movie has been rushed and is overly complicated as it lose itself in explosions, electricity and cgi.tivruski	3	May  2, 2014	
This film is just boring and much too long, characters are ridiculusly overdrawn, gwen-peter plot is annoying and boring, you will be wanting to kill spiderman long before electro. I never felt so cheated in cinema.
bigfoot6463	10	May  2, 2014	THIS MOVIE WAS AMAZING ! Once again the critics are so far way off base as you will find out when thousands of people flock the the big screen on Friday nite. top notch story line, off the hook effects that will blow you out of your seat and wanting more which you will get, acting was superb and the ending was asum and did not leave you hanging like most movies. So satisifing that I would compair it to an orgasum. You will gasp, you will laugh, you will cry, it has it all and all at the right moment. Your fingers and toes will hurt when you leave the theater because its a white knuckle ride from start to finish. Dont leave right after the movie, there is a surprize clip. Im going to go and see it again tomorrow nite { Friday Night } in a packed house. I went to midnight showing on Thursday and there were about 50 people in the theater, people have to work on Friday and can't function on 3 hours of sleep, thats why it was not packed. But all 50 of us were clapping and cheering hard at the end. And nothing but positive comments. Cant wait to see the next one. CRITICS...PLEASE GET A DAY JOB AND LET US REAL PEOPLE WRITE THE REVIEWS !!!!! Best movie of the year and will be very hard to beat. Trust me...GO SEE THIS MOVIE, IT IS A MUST SEE MOVIE. Not to mention it is a touching, motivating and inspiring movie. Captain America did not even come close to SM2. P.S. Check out the user review that begins with { Lamo } and gave this movie a rating of 3. Then think about why his user name begins with Lamo.  Cause his review was LAMO. But we all have a right to score how we wish. Just dont pay no attention to that review. Doesn't even seem like he saw the right movie at all or was watching Captain America which I found to be bland and would give Captain America about a 5 or 6 at most.Duskspark	8	May  2, 2014	
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 struggles to find its footing in the grand scheme of its story, making it feel like it was a bridge to the third movie. As a movie introducing you to further events, however, it did a great job. While not as good as the original Amazing Spider-Man, I must say that The Amazing Spider-Man 2 slowly builds up to what could easily be a great third movie.
iamDTS	8	May  2, 2014	This movie may not be the greatest Spider-Man movie of all time but it is the best of the "Amazing" trilogy so far. Now this film takes a more comical/ straight out of a comic book approach and it seems the visual effects work very well for it. The movie did have some pretty weak villains, and reason for Electro becoming bad is just silly. All in all the movie did have some problems but it was still very enjoyable and it had heart.Kenmei	6	May  7, 2014	I and alot of my friends who have seen this movie have all come to the same conclusion: While it wasn't as bad as we thought it was going to be, based on the reviews, it still wasn't all that great as everything in the movie felt rushed with all the bad guys they were throwing at you the entire time. There's alot going on in this but it was kinda boring at times as well. It's clear they are going to play up the Sinister Six angle in future movies, and that might be fun to see, but if they go about their business the same way as in this one, it definitely won't be very remembered in the future. I think Andrew Garfield is a better Peter Parker than a Spiderman. The man certainly knows how to cry on screen. He and Emma Stone really mesh together very well and I'm glad they took Mary Jane out of this one at the last second because the focus of the movie was on these two and not a third wheel. The fights were pretty good, with the slow-mo effects being hit or miss. But this movie just doesn't hit the mark like some of the recent Superhero movies have, like Cap 2 or Thor 2 or even the Avengers to a lesser extent. I hope they go back to the drawing board a little bit here for the third one and don't try to just stuff as many things as possible into a 2 hour movie like they did here. It's honestly quite Amazing they got all of this to work as well as they did here. But I'll say it's not as terribly bad as alot of people are suggesting. It's just mildly bad.Skymann	5	May  9, 2014	
Inconsistent, bland and tries to be more genres than it should. Electro looks like a 'WWE2K14' Create-A-Wrestler and Peter cries about every little thing.
martinex	4	May 26, 2014	
Garfield/Webb is quickly becoming  to Spider-Man what Clooney/Schumacher was to the Batman franchise.  I'm surprised the Transformers didn't make an appearance.
SamBlaize	3	May  9, 2014	This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I honestly feel a 3 is generous here. First, the positives: the Spider-Man suit here is really, really good. The effects look nice (though the way Electro's electricity is visualised is pretty stupid), and are certainly better than the previous film. Gwen and Peter work together, kind of, but that's only on the basis of the actor's abilities and has nothing to do with the writing or direction. The plot is a set of threads that don't coherently link together in any way. The only reason any of them ever connect is because they need to. For example, Gwen pops up near the end of the Electro fight because she needs to be there for the Goblin scene. How do we get her there? Oh, I guess she steals a police car. The writing is just so ridiculously lazy, I swear they came up with the major actions scenes and then decided how to link them later. There are so many parts of this film that are just laughably poor. Anything to do with Aunt May, Harry and Norman's scene, the fake "buddy-buddy" relationship of Harry and Peter (who haven't even seen each other for a decade and are suddenly best friends again, reminiscing about old times), the ghost of Gwen's dad, some of the music choices (particularly when Peter is moping about Gwen/looking up info about his father), the "web-hand" near the end, the Goblin's appearance, the way Electro is beaten, the final shot/scene. I mean really, the end of this film, really? That's how you end a film? And for a film where so little happens, it's so damn long. I wanted it to end about 90 minutes in, and there's still so much to go. Make no mistake, this is an objectively bad film.Skulb	1	May 25, 2014	By far and away the worst Spider-Man movie I have ever seen and almost as bad as Daredevil. It barely has a plot at all and the dialogue is so bad most of the scenes involving talking would be better with ear plugs on so you wouldn`t have to listen to them. The guy playing Spider-Man is incapable of delivering a single, ill written line for the duration of the movie. It all comes off as corny(in a bad way), obnoxious, unbelievable or all three at once. He reminds you of why adults as a general rule loathe high school age young people: instead of speaking properly it`s all AAAHMs and EEHs stuck in all over the place, and some annoying cool guy grimace, head bobbing and all the other hallmarks of ham acting and/or a lack of civilized education.If it wasn`t for ALL the dialogue in ALL the scenes between Peter Parker and Harry Osborn, all the dialogue between Peter Parker and Aunt May and in particular all the dialogue between Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy I might give this movie about a 4, even if it would then have been about 35 minutes long, if that. But every stilted, poorly written and atrociously directed "love" scene between Parker and Stacy drags the movie down, down down until I for one sat with my sweater upside down over my head to distract myself and so I would not have to watch the disaster. Once or twice I even put my hands in my ears and rubbed vigorously so I wouldn`t have to listen to the inane babble posing as dialogue in this movie. It all sounded as if a couple of underachieving twelve year olds had written it.As for the villains, Electro is a black guy while he of course was not in the comics. Otherwise he is the only positive thing I can mention about The "Amazing" Spider man 2. The Green Goblin looks like he has some form of green necrosis whereas he of course wore a mask in the comics. And since he is now played by a guy who looks like weighs about 80 pounds the entire thing just looked silly.But these are far from the only deviations from the original story. The Rhino was not a robot, firing missiles at civilians, but a super human bank robber who had been given great strength but also a rhino suit he coulndn`t remove. And to think they stuck the only good actor appearing in this turkey (Paul Giamatti) inside a transformers like rocket launcher before calling this insult The Rhino. i was hoping for as long as possible that it was not The Rhino, but this became impossible as soon as Giamatti shouted "I`M THE RHINO!". Talk about subtleOf course the grating Gwen Stacy also dies in the wrong place and about two hours too late to rescue the movie from its complete lack of quality. And even after they finally kill her off, after a ridiculous sequence of baloney inside a clock tower which was more reminiscent of the classic Donald, Mickey and Goofy cartoon than the comic about her death from the 60s, they somehow manage to resurrect her in flashbacks. She even repeats a pointless graduation speech, as if it wasn`t trite enough the first time around. And it`s not just that it`s bad, but that it is never stops. The movie has about a 75-25 balance between these horrible scenes with Peter Parker talking to people, with his best frown and I have a 75 IQ smile on, and action/other, less horrible scenes. But in entirely the wrong direction! I barely had time to lean back with my popcorn to enjoy some dialogue-free action before he was there again, popping up like some recurring nightmare with his unbearably poor dialogue. If Stacy, May and Osborn had all died in the opening scene in a car crash this movie would have been better. I don`t care if they had replaced them with endless scenes of Garfield fighting hoodlums in New York back alleys. It would have been better. I don`t mind alterations to the plot, which is about 50 years old after all. But at least make them because they are improvements or indeed for some intelligible purpose whatsoever, and not just to make Gwen Stacy a feminist or give the Green Goblin the plague.All the CGI in the world couldn`t have saved this one. And I wasn`t all that impressed with the visuals either. All flash and no substance does not a good movie make. You need believable characters, good dialogue and you know...a plot. This movie has neither. Avoid like the Green Goblin`s skin condition!kamgeforce	6	Aug 23, 2014	
Typical movie from american production, action scenes are great but everything that happens between them are just cringy "emotional" moments full of clichés.
lasttimeisaw	6	May  7, 2014	My latest cinema-going of a 3D spectacle of the second chapter of the Amazing Spider-Man, whereas its first instalment THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN (2012, 6/10), a reboot of Sam Raimi’s sensational SPIDER-MAN trilogy, is a hit-or-miss in general, but the Garfield and Stone pair does stand out with their affable affinity and spontaneous chemistry, so when it is time for Stone’s Gwen Stacy to take a bow and exit the franchise, as fans know it from the start, her fate is presaged by the comic books, read rest of the review on my blog, google cinema omnivore.X-fushion	5	May  8, 2014	The visual FX are outstanding, and the action sequences are well executed, the problem with this film is the lack of focus the script has.Not only is filled with a ridiculous and unnecessary love subplot ,  the villans are weak, there is only one villan in this movie: Electro and doesn´t manage to pull off his role well, his only the bad guy because the movie needs one, there's no relation between hero and villan at all unlike The first Amazing spiderman with the rivalry between Spidey/Lizard.And then are the other 2 villans, the Green Gobling shows out of nowhere and their fight doesn't last for a minute, and Rhyno shows up at the last 45 seconds of the movie to end it with a shot of Spidey and him clashing in a fight it's a teaser to the next movie in fact The Amazing Spiderman 2 is a teaser for the next installment it's a good distraction but not a memorable one.Viperspider	8	Jun  6, 2014	Great movie, but it has a very misleading trailer and it's a typical "second of the trilogy" movie. The trailer makes out that certain characters have a large part in the story, but in reality they have a total of about 10 minutes. There are also scenes in the trailer which never happen at all, if they did happen it actually could have improved the story. The ending ties up leaving many story arcs unfinished (typical of "second of the trilogy" movies), which is a bit frustrating but the overall experience of the movie is enjoyable enough to forgive it.PulseEnder	8	May  9, 2014	The Amazing Spiderman 2 is the sequel to 2012's Amazing Spiderman, a reboot of the Spiderman film franchise. While the movie is definitely summer blockbuster material, it goes into a completly different story direction then its predecessor. While the first one seemed to give audiences a true feel for Peter's identity as not only a vigilante but as a human character, this movie throws a ton of subplots at you that it just feels kindof hard to feel bad for the protagonist when he falls into the breakup makeup cog trap with his girlfriend Gwen who just doesn't give off the same charm she does in the original. When the Electro plot begins, the story doesn't feel as tragic as it does pathetic. The obsessive personality over Spiderman as well as the ridiculous buisness ethics of Oscorp make you wonder whether your supposed to feel bad for this guy, or that you should think he is the dumbest movie villian you've ever seen in a non-comedic summer blockbuster. When Harry reunites with Peter, he also becomes somewat obssessed with Spiderman making him and Electro two desperate cliche movie villians that want some guy dressed in a spiderman costume to save them from their insanity. Oh by the way, when Harry takes a turn for the worst, the movie fails to explain why he becomes so messed up, it absolutely does not explain the whys or how he shows up to kickstart the movie into a climax, all we know is that he plays cliche mad scientist. Don't get me started on the Rhino, he doesn't even fight Spiderman, he is the result of false adverstising one hundred percent. If you want to see everything the Rhino does in the movie, watch any of the trailers and you will know. I liked the pace of the movie and the visuals, the randomness as well, but that is me, I know that this movie should have had a deeper plot and fulfilled its promise to truly have Spiderman fight three villians let alone not fight one. This feels like a sizzle reel that I enjoyed watching because I love Spiderman but it is just an exploit of movie culture, that is: "Spiderman will fight three badass villians in a sequel to the reboot with the villians played by a well ranged and talented cast of Paul Giamatti, Jamie Foxx, and Dan Dehaan." And that is what made me unhappy with the movie, it didn't even deliver the main goods it promised, and also left us with a stupid cliffhanger and machete plot. Reccomend it for everyone because everyone loves a spiderman movie, but this movie is really one random piece of work that has enjoyable moments scattered throughout a movie of ridiculous and redundant plot devices and cheap false marketing tactics.oblique15	6	Dec 20, 2014	I really loved the first of " The Amazing Spider Man," series. I can`t say the same for this one. I was really let down. It was a roller coaster ride for me. I liked watching the character Electro, but it got a bit carried away in Spider Mans love life.Don`t get me wrong they had good chemistry, but I wanted to watch a super her movie, not a romance/drama flick. Instead of watching the "Amazing Spider Man," I felt like I was watching a movie about Peter Parkers relationships.LeZee	6	Aug 31, 2014	The second movie in the new Spider-man movie series that directed by Marc Webb. I doubt his potential after seeing this movie. I feel someone should take his position before it become too late. In the history of the Spider-man movies, from all the 6 this one is the worst. Commercially it has done a great business that grabbed around $800 million all over the world, but failed to deliver another quality movie for the fans. The movie engaged with the too much character and subplots. The subplots were not placed in the right spots, kind of random appearance brings the chaos in understanding the story. I had a high hope on this movie and it did not supply well. Frankly, I kind of lost interest in Spider-man. Maybe because it was too soon to reboot, I guess. ‘‘You want to be the hero.And now you gotta pay the price.’’ The first movie gave a decent re-start for the refreshed Spider-man movie series. And what happened here in this second installment was a disaster. The first thing is it was nearly a 2 and half an hour movie that brought me lightly a headache to carry on thus far. Actually, it was 10 minutes shorter than what it is now, but in the end they have developed a bit longer to show the opening scene of the third movie. When a movie got a powerful hero, it should have equally matched antagonist. If they are matched, then the fight between them are the next thing to bring the best out of it. I think the Electro man did not click as they have expected, at least not to me. The strength he had was something beyond spider-man, but did not unleash him in a perfect manner. Though Jamie Foxx was not bad in that avatar, the filmmakers kind of wasted his presence for not so good scenes. Remember the original Spider-man was the modern superhero movies, I mean it was done using computer graphics. Afterwards 'Batman', 'Iron Man', 'Thor' and all were followed. I like the version with Tobey Maguire in it, though my rating declined by movie after another in the trilogy. This reboot series had a good opening, but failed to get the momentum going. Especially all the emotions were looked fakes that do not appeal like the original movie series did. Yes, it had a wonderful box office and that does not mean the movie is good, either worst. But expected a little better, especially in the negative characters. Andrew Garfield was good, not awesome, because most of his masked parts were CGI. Emma stone was another let down and could not help comparing her with Kristen Dunst, because she was no way near, at all. The Dane DeHaan role had the same issue and I don't know why people did not get better space in the movie that ran 140 minutes long. Like I said subplot spoiled everything I think. The digital 3D and stunts were poor. Yeah, there are many things to complain about it than to praise, but all the answer should come in the next sequel. If that makes bigger, not commercially, I mean with a good story, graphics and performances then there will be no problem. But if it fails, I had to say 'bring back the fourth installment of the original movie series'. Definitely not worth a watch, but anyway most of the guys going to watch it or already watched it.iLightning	4	May  7, 2014	The story of this film is all over the place. It basically focuses on setting up these two villains, just so spider-man can have a big nutty fight at the end, with nothing in between to keep us interested. It still feels cluttered due to this boring romantic subplot with Peter Parker and Gwen Stacey, which overstayed it's welcome in the first movie and gets old fast in this one too. There is one moment which I thought was done very well, though. The CGI is generally very good and the cast does it's job, but in my opinion its too long and uninteresting for it to be a good superhero action movie.PStakhiv	7	May  7, 2014	
While this movie is entertaining - it failed to live up to expectations! Great acting and action; superb chemistry between Gwen and Peter! Terrible villain developing; forgettable score! Overall Amazing S-M 2 is on the quality level of Raimy's Spider-man 3 - entertaining but flawed !!!
Tom_green_day	8	May 13, 2014	
Internet critics seem to hate it but I really enjoyed both the super-villain antics and Parker's real-life drama. Andrew Garfield is a great Spider-Man and this is the perfect antithesis to the hugely gritty other superhero franchises.
Tessara_Vejgan	5	Aug  4, 2014	
It was an ok movie but it was too long. Took about an hour before something finally started to happen they could of easily cut 40-50 min or so and it would of been just fine (It last 2h 20min). Acting is good, story was ok and thanks to the ending I now want to know what happens next, like RIGHT NOW.
boshi	9	May  9, 2014	while there were some things in this movie i didn't like, mainly some of the slow mo and the way it ended, i thing that overall, the characters, story, and action make it a really good watch. the effects were good as well. i also really liked the main villain, but felt that there were a few unnecessary ones as well. overall though, i think amazing spiderman 2 is a good movie, just as good as the first, and possibly better.sammurphy66	6	Jul 14, 2014	
Bad script, poor dialogue, yet ‘amazing’ visuals strengthened with solid acting, The Amazing Spider Man 2 lives down expectations with a scattershot storyline, an overabundance of villains, and a pace far to fast for viewers to enjoy.
kstud1	3	May  9, 2014	
One word, BORING!!!, tired of the super hero pictures that are 75% about romance and 25% about the villain and they try to cram the action in the last 15 minutest of a two and a half hour film.
otakudbz	10	May 15, 2014	
The Movie was awesome.Best Spidey movie ever.We watched an awesome story,and the focus was in Peter and Gwen's relationship.Jamie Foxx was awesome as Electro,but Dane DeHaan,Andrew and Emma saved everything.BEST MOVIE EVER!
kingabben	7	May  7, 2014	This movie has been very difficult to review.  At first, I loved the movie, then looking back I didn't.  I have finally made up my mind, and I think I actually favor it over the original ones; however, it took a lot of thinking. First, the music is absolutely awful.  Dubstep in Spider-Man?!  Absolutely not!  The originals had amazing music!  Second, the pacing is a little odd; it goes from action scene to love scene to funny scene to action scene to funny scene to action scene to love scene, and I kind of got lost in it all.  It was just too long for a Spider-Man movie.  It also felt like a big bridge.  The CGI was also "eh"... However, I actually liked the villains.  Although I would've liked to see the redemption of Electro, he was a satisfying villain, as was Harry a.k.a. the Green Goblin.  Also, the chemistry between Stone and Garfield is AMAZING!!!  I was sad to see her die, but it further boosted the emotion of the film.  The back-story with Richard Parker (not from Life of Pi lol) was also interesting, and the I cannot wait to see how the Sinister Six plays out next movie... Overall, a 7/10...erty_werty	7	May  6, 2014	Look i could go on for hours talking about what the movie did & didnt do (what worked & didnt) etc.. But after hearing some of the negative buzz before going into the film i tried to see it as un biased as possible. And while its not the greatest superhero film up there w/ the likes of the Dark Knight or even Spiderman 2 i can honestly say it was a fun time regardless...Sure some scenes felt a bit strung out,coincidental and/or cheesy but i would say if ur hesitant just go see it, its really not as bad as some view it IMO.Manolisspaik	10	May 11, 2014	I don't understand why people hate this movie so much. Yeah, the romance was more than the action, yeah some parts weren't so good so what? Every movie has a problem, whether minor or serious. The movie was excellent. I sympathized with Electro, green goblin was well made. My only objection was the design of rhino, but had a pretty funny scene in the beginning of the movie, one of the few. To sum up, i think it is an overall excellent movie with some minor flaws. Ooooh and when Gwen died... didn't see that coming, well played...chocolatebutter	8	May 11, 2014	Better than the first Amazing Spider-Man and better than anything out of the Raimi trilogy. The story definitely isn't perfect and at times feels like a cluttered grouping of otherwise great individual moments, but overall it entertains throughout. There are some plot devices used to connect different threads that feel a bit to convenient and underdeveloped. There are also some campy humorous moments with Spider-Man but they aren't overdone to the point of taking away from the rest of the movie. The action scenes are really well done and the first web slinging scene is the best that has been on the big screen yet. The costume is also fantastic, they really nailed it. In my opinion while it isn't perfect this is still the best live action Spider-Man to date. Definitely worth seeing.CDG	9	Jun 26, 2014	
I thought this movie was stellar. It had a few villain pacing problems, but it was an awesome movie that I recommend that has given me a new respect for The Friendly Neighborhood Spider-man.
rodsager	6	Aug 19, 2014	The Amazing Spiderman 2 had  an impressive opening weekend with a pretty good take at 91.6 million. It was lighter than the 95 million posted by Captain America, The Winter Soldier a few weeks earlier. Honestly, I liked the Cap a little better than this Spiderman movie anyway. I will avoid any serious spoilers but cannot avoid indicating that there are some major developments in this film. Be careful when reading movie reviews if you haven’t seen it because the potential for spoiler harm in this flick is very high. Because this is a reboot it is impossible not to make comparisons to the first trilogy starring Toby Maguire as Peter Parker, AKA Spiderman. Andrew Garfield is great behind the mask. But that is really more credit to the screenwriter’s producing superior Spidey wise cracks in the dialog that harken back to the character in the comics. I feel that Garfield’s Peter Parker is a little too cool. In all fairness the Peter Parker character has morphed from the original 1960s shy nerdy high schooler who gains confidence behind the mask into a more socially outgoing college student character that uses his goofy humor to mask his insecurities. So the Garfield interpretation isn’t really “wrong” per say. I just guess I prefer that original geeky wimp persona of the 1960s comics than the later incarnation. Overall I think Garfield does a better job in front of the camera as Parker and Spidey. This Spiderman movie features multiple bad guys, some with superpowers, some with authoritative power. The movie drags a bit with the complex relationship between Parker/Spidey and Gwen Stacy. I don’t feel like they were able to manage the drama portion of the film that is necessary to tell the back story and romance between Gwen and Spidey. I like Garfield, Sally Field delivers as Aunt May, I rather liked the quasi creepiness of Dane Dehan as Harry Osborn. It is interesting that the Spiderman back in 2002 did a pretty accurate job of depicting the Green Goblin (Norman Osborn) but failed miserably using Mary Jane Watson instead of Gwen Stacy in the leading lady role. At least this new reboot got the girl right. Gwen Stacy was Parker’s first love. In the comics Mary Jane was Gwen’s friend. None of these movies thus far has really made that connection between the two girls. I really think that Sony’s involvement in the Spiderman franchise is a negative. Stan Lee has less control over the content in the Spiderman movies because of contractual obligations to Sony/Columbia Pictures. Overall I did enjoy the movie. I felt the plot development was chunky at times but Spidey’s character and solid dialog made up for it. Honestly it may be a little Spiderman fatigue, what with this the 5th movie in 12 years to feature the web slinging super hero. None the less, I think that Marvel fans and non-fans alike got their 12 bucks worth watching this film. It is just that, every time I watch a new Spiderman movie I find myself back to my favorite which is the first one with William Defoe as Norman Osborn/Green Goblin, and J.K. Simmons as J. Jonah Jamieson. Despite the discrepancies to comic book lore that first one remains my personal favorite. Now that this is a DVD/Bluray rental, definitely see it!Alex_Tarasov	5	Jul 21, 2014	
the central problem of the film The Amazing Spiderman 2 is that the film can not decide what genre it go blockbuster or drama. And a villians very many.
WelshTom	7	Jul 26, 2014	Garfield's portrayal of Spiderman is the best thing about the film - often corny but always likeable. After spending a couple of hours quipping and web-slinging in equal measure like the superhero he is, he ends with a pure and real human touch. Better than the first reboot film, but too many adversarial cooks spoil the broth, with none of them quite worthy of carrying the antagonist torch by themselves.SkyrimGuy935	5	Jan 17, 2015	
For a movie about Spider-Man, one of the most beloved superheroes ever, this movie is shockingly clichéd and dull.  The dialog is awkward and not particularly well-written, and the plot was a jumbled mess of villains, action sequences, and secondary characters you couldn't care less about.  The score would be lower if not for an emotional moment towards the end. 5.4/10
vikesh2206	6	Nov 10, 2014	
Too much characters and subplots amongst other cons threaten to overwhelm the movie but the entire cast led by the talented Andrew Garfield (and the visual effects team) once again saves the day.
DanRourke	9	Aug 20, 2014	OK so this is coming from a young, but lifetime Spider-Man fan! I preordered tickets. Got the 11 o'clock showing on May 1st. This movie opens up with spiderman swinging around the city, and chasing a truck which has future rhino driving it. Its great as the wise ass spiderman cracks jokes and stops the villian. Classic good ole spidey. The action in this movie was absolutely great! Emma Stone and Garfield were great. Electro was an ok villian. He didnt have enough build up for him to really have an effect on you. But the CGI did look very good. Green Goblin was very well done (looks wise). it was like they took an aproach in between the 2002 green goblin and the ultimate goblin. I think he and harry hasd a decent story. Since the didnt kill him off like they did Venom in 07', it was fine. Gwens death the very sad, but very, very, VERY well done. Garfields acring was great during this scene as it was the whole ,movie! The very end was good and bad. I loved it when spiderman came back after his 5 month disapearence. But the Rhino.... one word AWFUL! I dont want to get into the Rhino. Overall i thought this was a good film. if not really good! Hoped you enjoyed ,my review. im new, and only 14 so dont bash.SwiftReviews	9	Aug 27, 2014	Wasn't sure of this movie at first, bought it on DVD and was entertained from beginning to end. Thought the inclusion of Electro would be difficult to pull off, but the storyline was effective and the cgi amazing! So many storylines were crammed into this movie, Peter's parents, Electro, Green Goblin (Harry Osborn), the romantic relationship between Peter and Gwen and yet it was all thoroughly satisfying and enjoyable.  The cast were all exceptional they brought the characters to life. Better than the first and also better than the original, with a twist ending that gave Spiderman a real reason as to why he needs to protect his identity, which i thought was missing in the originals. I couldn't ask for anything more from a movie, i highly recommend you buy it on DVD or Blu-ray.MovieOverlooker	6	Oct 14, 2014	
It has gone down compared to the previous one. This part is very long and the characters talk too much between them. But The Amazing Spider-Man 2 gives us again a lot of mystery about the disappearance of the parents of Peter Parker, some magnificent performances by Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone with wonderful visual effects and a nice (but not as good as the previous) soundtrack. (61 - 100)
danielponte1	5	Nov  5, 2014	
bad villans, cartonish, the only reason to watch this movie is to see the top cast and the great special effects,  this movie is a new spider man 3 which is not a complement
WJS	6	Dec 20, 2014	This movie is all about the special effects (which are fantastic) even though it tries to be about the interpersonal relationships of the characters. Unfortunately the scenes with the interpersonal dialogue are overwrought and the visual and action sequences are directed with a very heavy hand. The actors are very good and do their best with the dialogue and direction but really, this movie just doesn't succeed above a Spider Man cartoon or comic book.UltimateBub	5	Feb  1, 2015	As a huge Spider-Man fan, I can't say this is a good Spider-Man film. Although I wouldn't call it a bad one either. The plot is just crazy stupid, the humor is so-so, the villains weren't good enough, etc. But the special effects and acting were OK. The biggest problem with this movie is that it tries so hard to be so many things, and unfortunately, ends up not being enough. Bottom line: Is it bad? Not really. Disappointing? Hell yes.FacelessJaguar	10	Mar  9, 2015	
10/10 best Spider-Man movie and the best film of 2014 and the best super hero movie to. I cant describe how good this movie is its all about the story the villains/characters and the man himself and best Spider-Man to date Andrew Garfield.
Jefferygamer200	0	Oct 13, 2015	This movie sucked **** OK so here are major spoilers. Peter gets Gwen Killed then he isn't Spider-Man for a while sounds familiar then the ending the Rhino was just awful. It's awful I hate this movie for it being worse Spider-Man 3. And it will go down as the worst Super Hero movie I've ever seen in my life.Blanche	6	Jul  1, 2016	A film with too many villains, generally too many under-developed characters and too much emphasis on the relationship between Peter and Gwen. The ratio was poorly calculated. This film had lots of entertaining moments for sure, but it flopped in certain moments too. For example, I felt that the main villain should have been far stronger than what was portrayed and the resolution was rushed, which in turn didn't allow the film to realise its full potential. As I said earlier, the amount of villain appearances were ridiculous to the point that they were probably there to simply increase the running time. This made the film generally unfocused and lack in direction. Certainly one of the worst Spider-Man films but I can't say it wasn't worth watching because there certainly was great CGI and cinematography. Generally it was a decent film, but rather than it being empty or boring it was more of a messy film with too much going on.ROFLoom	7	May  2, 2014	I have been counting down this movie since the day I saw the promo image. I have spent probably nearly $300 on Spider-Man products due to my excitement. I watch all the Spider-Man animated series and can quote the Sam Raimi trilogy from the start of the first movie to the end of the third. So basically, I know my Spider-Man. I have never built up anticipation for a movie like this before. The trailers would give me goosebumps. However, once I started seeing the critics reviews I did begin thinking how the actual film itself would turn out. Here is what I thought: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has scenes that will make the audience absolutely smile. Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone are impossible to not love as the lead roles, creating very realistic and adorable chemistry. Great performances on their part. The villains however, I have some suggestions for: SLOW DOWN. We are introduced to Max Dillon and he gets about a total of 6 minutes of screen time before transforming into Electro. He needed a longer, more detailed backstory. He and Electro are two completely different people too. I think it would have been great to have Electro come to his senses at the end when he sees that Gwen, the only person who noticed him before he developed his powers, was in trouble. It would have added depth to the character rather than just having a man with super powers, for no real reason, wanting to kill Spider-Man. However, his special effects and physical appearance are always insanely awesome to look at. Paul Giamatti is one of the greatest actors on Earth, but boy was his villain the least threatening thing you have ever seen. The Rhino appears in about 1/300th of the film, however it IS because they were just introducing him to be set up for TASM3. Hopefully he is more threatening then. The final villain, Harry Osborn, had the largest back story, yet ridiculously small Green Goblin screen time. I cannot get too upset because they will be bringing him back as well, but where they messed up is having way too many plot points. We jump from Peter trying to find the truth about his parents, a very emotional scene for him, to seeing him chasing Gwen down before she leaves to England, with no continuity of the research he just did, as if it never happened. There is a lot of tonal whiplash you will get throughout the film... sad scenes to happy to funny to action to romance in very quick pieces of time. This movie either needed to be expanded, or needed to cut possibly Electro's character. He really ended up having no impact on Peter's story or the Spider-Man universe's story as well... He was there then he was gone... no lessons learned, just a bit of damage done to the city (again). Everyone loves Spider-Man because most can connect with him. He also is known for his witty humor, but in this film he cracks jokes at all the wrong times. Super serious life threatening moments are happening to him or those around him and he will crack a quick smart-ass remark. That's one thing that was awesome about Sam Raimi's trilogy, he focused on Spider-Man and Spidey's point of view of things, and how he would react, rather than how Marc Webb focuses on no point of views, he shows us the movie as if we are bystanders in New York watching this random action. Hans Zimmer, however, is some sort of symphonic God. That man creates more classic scores than one can count. Electro's music is awesome, but it was used the whole time Max was talking, not even as Electro yet, which really distracted us from who he is. Max needed some slow, quiet scenes to connect with the audience because that is the kind of character he is. He was a tender, lonely man who wanted to be seen by the world, and in the trailer they did a fairly well job of showing that, but in the movie... eh. Basically not one line from the trailer is in the movie as well by the way. Overall, it was a very enjoyable entertaining movie, awesome action and effects, an IMAX 3D visual spectacular. The filmmakers just need to slow it down, slow down the process, quit focusing on promoting this movie globally and instead work on the film itself. I love Spider-Man, and this one did pack quite a bit of emotion regardless the tonal whiplash, and I will begin counting down for TASM3 now. 768 DAYS!jellyalv	9	May  2, 2014	Marc Webb manages again, almost ironically, to deliver a nice Spider Man movie to the fans. As many noted , the movie itself focus on Peter and Gwen's romance and less in the action scenes and villains, but that is why Gwen has a critical point to the plot. Even though it's not 100% loyal to the comics, they're trying to bring the most relevant points to the movies. Andrew Garfield has improved as both Peter Parker and Spider Man, making you laugh with Spidey's sense of humor and charisma, while Peter makes you cry when he struggles to be with Gwen and protect her at the same time. Some of the stuff showed in the trailer were cut from the movie. The movie could have been bigger and the villains and Spider Man could have showed up more, but the movie is an introduction to something even bigger. Hope the next movie shows a even bigger fight and maybe Spidey can show up in The Avengers 3.YujinXshadow	8	May  3, 2014	There are some things in it need to be fixed such as the origin of Green Goblin because it felt a little rush as well as the introduction of mechanized Rhino at the end, but it was forgivable.The main baddie, Electro is very well done with his origin both being a nobody and a God-like super villain.And the amazing complicated relationship of Peter and Gwen is just absolute emotional and relatable.And everything about the character of SpiderMan? It is hands down the best SpiderMan ever existed in film history.MrMondu	7	May  4, 2014	Is it Spider-Man 2? Of course not. But it's still a good entry in this new saga of Spider-Man films. And definitely much better than its premiere entry. It certainly fails from similar crutches of Spider-Man 3; far too much of Sony clouding a good story with setups for whatever they think will create more money-making opportunities. But the story-lines presented are much more expanded and given acceptable screen time than the ever-compared Spider-Man 3, and the Spider-Man we see here is a truer comic Spidey than we have yet to experience. The emotion, heart, and cockiness of our costumed Peter is filling the scenes from start to finish.There is a lot that's attacked during its 2.5 hour time-span (and occasionally too much for the film to flesh out), but any viewer looking for an enjoyable outing with their web-head will be pleased. It's not going to render any critics astounded, and it's not going to to be the best Marvel-licensed film from the last 5 years, but it will leave an impression on you in more positive ways than it falters.Rox22	7	May  2, 2014	More or less on par with the first movie. Some things are better, somethings are worse, but on the whole they balance out. The obvious flaw here is the script. Like many have said, it feels like a collection of scenes haphazardly pieced together. This makes the transition from scene to scene feel unnatural. I was worried that the movie would have villain saturation (like in Spider Man 3) but no. Electro was the focus. It is obvious that the other villains are simply put in as a teaser to the Sinister Six movie. Fair enough but that makes one wonder why they got top billing in all the ads and posters? Also, Peter's parents feel needless and that story arch takes up far to much screen time. Now for the positive: I love Garfield as Spider Man/ Parker, he really does fit the role (even if he is a tad too old.) The action scenes are allot of fun and the effects are first rate. Electro is fantastic and Foxx did an amazing job. Rest of the cast also play their roles well. Overall:Spider-Man 2 feels a bit erratic, but still allot of fun to watch. A bit more post production and sterner script approval was clearly needed and I hope they learn from this and not repeat for the next movies.Gravus	8	May  8, 2014	People have gotten so overly critical about comic book movies lately.  They aren't fine art.  It's a reason to put guys in funny suits to fight each other while destroying universally recognizable locations.  They are inherently stupid.  This movie is a little too long and doesn't make perfect sense a lot of the time.  But it's decently shot, the effects are good, it's colorful, the action is fun, the actors decently portray human beings, and it makes you forget about the real world for a couple of hours.  It's not going to win any major awards for deep compelling and well thought out story telling.  But then again neither was the source material.  It's fun, dumb, summer blockbuster, pop corn stuff and there is nothing wrong it.Freddie_Lee	7	May  2, 2014	
Awesome special effects and good entertainment, but the script could be less confusing ! I loved the parts of Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone, but the villains could be developed much better !
Haduken	7	May  6, 2014	
Well I thought this movie was definitely better than the first one. The characters were better defined, and let's be honest, Andrew Garfield plays a better eccentric Spiderman than Tobey Maguire. The plot seemed to be alright, although it did focus more on the relationship status of the movie. If you have read the comics, you will realize that this movie follows them to a T.
kaine	9	May  3, 2014	
The Amazzing Spider-Man 2 is a movie that we can see the TRUE Spider-Man and the TRUE Peter Parker in a way we never seen before. Andrew Garfield is the persona of the character, Emma Stone is lovely like always and Dane DeHaan portrayed a Harry Osborn carismatic and lunatic at the same time. Terric!
Loler13gr	7	May  2, 2014	
Although it feels like a movie long teaser trailer for the next movie ( Sinister Six ? ) it's still a nice movie... Amazing performances by all the characters and a nice storyline both funny and dramatic... The only thing that bothered me is that the previews and the trailers give you the idea that the movie is going to have three villains and in the end only Electro is the main bad guy....
Thegodfatherson	7	May  3, 2014	The Amazing Spiderman 2 is awesome. For the most part. TAS2 is a bigger and bolder Spiderman movie, although I didn't find the vibe and sense in its predecessor, Andrew Garfield reprises his role as Peter Parker, still slinging through the beautifully recreated city of New York, buildings look awesome- and in 3D, even better. But this time, ASM 2 introduces 3 villains- Green Goblin, Electro and Rhino. All of those which are being played by Dane DeHaan, Jamie Foxx and Paul Gimmati. The film does a good job of representing Spiderman and his origin. But, it can be a long movie. ASM 2 is really slow, and it never expands on who Richard Parker or any origin of any villain is. If you want an Electro origin story- imagine Jamie Foxx screaming in a pool full of eels. Dane DeHaan is Harry Osborn aka The Green Goblin, his acting was top notch but still not better than the James Franco in Spiderman 2. Paul Gimmati gives the best acting from the bunch, Rhino is looking better than ever, but the movie never explores on his story, instead it gives you some    unnecessary tear jerks. Well, this is not what I expected, watching all of the series, I think Sam Raimi had more to accomplish than Director Marc Webb. But remaking a series is hard, and Webb gave it his best. However, if you want to watch a colourful, energetic and well shot Spiderman movie- than go for it. If not, it's better to buy this one on BluRay. ASM is bigger and bolder but not better.Scorpion	8	May  3, 2014	
Considerando que o ultimo filme não me agradou , fui para ver este com a quase certeza de decepção certa, mas tomei um violento tapa do diretor Marc Webb, pois o filme é muito bom com uma reviravolta tonal e do enredo muito interessante ,seus unicos erros são a colocação do romance entre peter e gwen em momentos inoportunos e o roteiro que as vezes é um pouco preguiçoso.
groosenater	10	May  5, 2014	This  movie is amazing! The standard was raised with how amazing the new captain America was but this is film is very close in quality. The film is fun yet sad, just as spiderman films should be. Electro is a great villain and the acting was amazing but nearly all involved! Dane Dehann was a great Harry Osborn! The film ends with many questions left to be answered and a lot of people didn't like that but I find myself just that much more excited for the third film! Go see it!!!! ps. Critics are bad at their jobniknokseyer	10	May  4, 2014	
Loved the movie. Kinda happy for the whole reboot to be more a lil' close to the comic book. I do love Tobey's Spider-Man(s) but the reboot is amazing as well. Acting is great as well. A must see for all (family, kids, comic book readers, Marvel fans).
quincytheodore	7	May  2, 2014	Swinging with high voltage visual effects and fantastic soundtracks, The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Rise of Electro perches above its peers. In a more video game or comic inspired illustration, the overall colorful tone works wonderfully, especially in larger scales fights such as in Times Square, it's baffling not many movies do battles in the famous location. Its multitude of talents does a great job in bringing the characters to life; chemistry between them is definitely present. Regardless of some flaws, narrative might get crowded sewing numerous plots and villains, the movie will most likely satisfy fans and casual viewers alike. The story tells origins of Electro and Green Goblin, played by Jamie Foxx and Dane DeHaan respectively, both of which have awkward relationship with the titular hero. Their stories are a bit foreshadowing, even more so to those who have knowledge of the comic or seen the previous trilogy and this might just be too predictable for some. Nevertheless the movie does a decent job on modernizing the villains and keeping them grounded without being too comical, it's a good choice not to put Electro in green yellow spandex. Jamie Foxx certainly has charisma for the main villain, although the fanatic aspect of the character in early parts is odd. It's a bit silly and too old-fashioned for an origin tale, he then becomes more appropriately menacing later on, partly due the blue CG face. Dane DeHaan is a suitable cast for Harry Osborn, I daresay even better than James Franco who previously donned the green cape. He's an eerie reminiscence of young Leonardo DiCaprio, even with similar hairdo. He takes the role of Harry into a darker more obsessed persona, one with volatile and conniving nature. Most of the movie is oriented in Peter Parker (Andrew Garfield) and Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone) as they struggle with emotion and passion. Both of them showcase personal touches; it's apparent that Garfield admirably tries to fill the protagonist role. Spider-Man is a closer more relatable superhero as he endures doubt, guilt, and even the things ordinary folks go through daily, Garfield plays to this strength pretty well. Props to Sally Field and Chris Cooper as parental figures, each the polar opposite of the other, complementing the hero and villain, respectively. Graphic differs from the usual gritty mainstream superhero flicks, New York is displayed in all its vibrant wonder. At first, it seems a tad close to video game, but I fancy the distinct feel. When the movie talks about hope aplenty, it helps to view the world in radiance. Action is great, often taking camera angles close to Spider-Man, slowing down just barely at the moment of impact. The use of audio matches pretty well, Hans Zimmer is a master in this regard. Many techno dubstep tracks focused on Electro blazing in the background and electrically pumping adrenaline, it may appear ludicrous at first, but it fits the movie brilliantly. Pop and rock songs litter the movie, played just in the right time. The production value is aggressive and undeniably entertaining. The story sadly may stutter throughout the movie, there are just too many angles to show. From the romance between the two, origins of villains, the lingering past, the pace sometimes take too long on certain element and not enough on some. Not to mention the transition can be cumbersome, it doesn't help that the usual coincidence and practical cliché plots still persist. The flaws are there, yet its entire cast and production value overshadow them. Its simple premise of one overcoming their crisis is emotionally captivating, effectively presented and thoroughly entertaining.FefeTroncoso	9	May  2, 2014	
The movie is really good, the visual effects are amazing and the plot was good, but Electro had a terrible motivation to be a villain and the best villain of the movie(Green Goblin) had a short screen time.
fessisbest	8	May  2, 2014	
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 takes necessary risks to keep the franchise fresh. But pacing issues and thinly written villains hold it back from being truly "amazing'.
heliospace	9	May  2, 2014	This is the movie that Spider-Man deserves. It is, indeed, amazing; Marc Webb and his team succeeded in this film, where all others have failed in adapting the story of Spidey: breathtaking scenes in the right sequence, which in my view, were perfectly adequate and framed; concise and convincing performances of the actors; heartbreaking scenes balanced with signature jokes of our neighborhood friend. Lastly, after all the events, the tender feeling of slowly leave the cine wondering when the next movie of the franchise will be released.Lokathor	9	Jun 19, 2014	This movie has a tone of being a totally cheesy comic book movie, in all the perfect ways that you'd convert a comic book into a movie. The visuals are fantastic, the sounds are fantastic. The acting leaves a bit to be desired from time to time, but it's probably because Andrew Garfield drifts between several persona states at the beginning, before the movie settles down and the main plot arc happens. The plot itself is amazing, and has top-level pacing all the way throughout. They've got more than one villain (Green Goblin and Electro) and they blend them together far better than Spiderman 3 mixed Sand Man, Venom, and James Franco Goblin. You should watch this movie.SimpleMethod	8	May  3, 2014	
Good stuff! I enjoyed it. Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone have really solid chemistry that Mark Webb uses his background in indies to extract quite well. The plot could have been tightened up a bit, but overall it was a solid time at the movies.
JsFights	9	May  2, 2014	
Fantastic. Garfield ans Stone did an amazing job developing their relationship and the combat could be the best comic book fight on the big screen of all time.
JekSpacey	7	May  2, 2014	Two years ago, happy with the result of the first chapter of the reboot of Spider -Man , I hoped in a later chapter it reached , at least in part , the maturity of the second chapter of the first trilogy directed by Sam Raimi .Over the years , however, things are a little ' changed. I saw "The Amazing Spider-Man" a couple of times , and I noticed several flaws that I could not swallow. It will probably be more faithful to the comic ( I have not read it ), but from the point of view of the film has not convinced me as the first two Raimi's Spider-Man . This is not to say that I liked it, in fact I found it a decent movie , but I had to scale the high expectations I had for "The Amazing Spider- Man 2 ."As expected , in fact, this new installment in the reboot of Spider-Man does not reach even the slightest maturity of Spider- Man 2, but decided to put everything on pure entertainment from cinecomic . For this reason it stands out from the multitude of Marvel movies released in recent years . It is a cinecomic standard , which is fun and entertains great, but that does not offer anything more . The script is , in fact , one of the biggest shortcomings of the film, especially with regard to the characterization of the two villain , a bit ' too confusing and , especially , very forced . With the love story between Peter and Gwen have done a better job, but they wanted to dedicate a space far too invasive , making it seem almost out of place the two villains . At the same time , however, they have improved a lot the quality of the special effects , the costumes of Spider -Man and the two villains (aside from Rhino ) , and consequently also the visual impact , which , especially in the action scenes , it is very more intense than the first. This , thanks to the obvious improvements made ​​by director Marc Webb. Fabulous sequence in Times Square and the epic final battle between Spider-Man and Electro . I do not want spoilers, but I tell you that only the last half hour and captures the very essence that this film had to have .I admit I found it a bit ' more chaotic than the first, but the final half hour , and the strong visual impact have made "The Amazing Spiderman 2 ," a film worthy of its predecessor, and sometimes even betterEddiem0422	9	May  2, 2014	Overall, I really enjoyed this movie. I was skeptical at first because of the way they advertised this movie soooooo much. Literally to the point that there was a new trailer coming out every week. But, with that being said this movie is as accurate to the spider man comics as you are going to get. Andrew Garfield plays a great Peter Parker and an even better comical wisecracking spidey. Emma Stone is great as always (their chemistry is the highlight of the film again). Jamie Foxx was mehh as Electro, I felt as if they brought him on for the CGI spectacle which works in this film. Other than that his character is poorly written. Paul Giamatti was a very over the top Rhino. I felt him and Foxx got the shaft on the writing and these two villains were the only downside of this film. Dane Dehaan on the other hand shines as Parker's best friend Harry Osborn. He gives you a sense of whats to come but he plays Osborn in a unique way James Franco never could. Green Goblin was the only villain done justice in this movie. But, for the most part, the cast is outstanding and the visuals are second to none. Probably the only movie I paid the extra cash for 3d. And for all you comic fans out there. You have to appreciate that Marc webb sticks to the source material for the most part and doesn't twist key storylines like Raimi did. Overall 9/10FullMetalKarim	10	May  3, 2014	
Loved this Movie. Spider-Man was fantastically portrait und the Relationship between Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy was wonderful. The Action was outstanding and the Music....just wow.I don't quite understand the hate for this Movie. Sure it has some Problems, but which movie doesn't. I'm excited for the 3th Amazing Spider-Man :D
TylerH	8	May  5, 2014	My advice: Don't let the critics scare you away. Chances are you'll find it entertaining, at the very least. A lot of people seem to criticize the romance between Peter and Gwen; however, I feel that it is a major step-up from the original series. Yes, there's a lot of sarcastic and, at times, dry humor, but that's what makes it real -- not to mention more in-tune with the comics. Spider-man is supposed to be somewhat of a jokester, and Andrew Garfield portrays this perfectly. Perhaps they just don't get it. The characters can be related to, the visuals were stunning (given a tad bit overdone), and there was plenty of action to go around. The people giving this movie anything less than a 6 are just Nolanites being overly dramatic. Though, if I did have to nitpick, I'd say a few of the character design choices were pretty bad -- namely Rhino and Green Goblin. Especially Rhino. Additionally, Webb didn't quite capture the essence of Harry and Peter's friendship as well as he could have, as it definitely felt forced.memo_rx	10	May  3, 2014	This movie is awesome, if you are a fan of the comic, you can't miss this one. I feel the critics are out of touch with the fan base for this movie (surprise, surprise). Spider-Man 2 takes some time to build the momentum at the end, but it is to understand why Peter Parker is the why it is, and why his decisions bring heavy consequences. Just like the comic, the movie brings humor, emotions, quality action, awesome enemies and also awesome friends. If you like Spider-Man, if you grew up with Spider-Man like I did, this movie is a no brainer. TL:DR I love it and I would watch it again and again.tonylionedo	10	May  6, 2014	A truly amazing spider man movie,the story is away better that first one,and the graphics,wow, it really blow my head and take my breath away,I watch this movie twice and still eager to see more,like someone said,you will laugh and cry ,don't miss this,I sincerely admire SONY to bring this one of the best superhero movie to me.for me ,this series is a great achievement in movie industry,the spider man is more close to ordinary people's heart,unlike batman and iron man.it's the key why spider man movie is so touching,because we all want to have a hope,and we all want to become other people's hope.besides,Andrew and Emma are play awesome in this film,especially Emma,I have crush on her since EASY A,and this film makes her more charming to me,I can't say enough,after all,it's a must see movie,I highly recommend this.AmongstYou	5	May  4, 2014	This film is very flawed. It has many problems, most of which are caused by the rather sloppy first entry into this new Spider-Man franchise. But, it's trying. You can see a lot of effort being made to make this as good of a movie as possible, and that effort did somewhat shine through. It's not perfect, but it's definitely not just "okay." It's far better than that. First off, it nails Spide-Man as a character. Andrew Garfield is great as Peter Parker, but he's brilliant as Spider-Man. Gwen Stacy, who is played by Emma Stone, also is pitch perfect once again. James DeHaan is the best Harry Osborne yet, but sadly his story arc is rushed to where it doesn't feel like it fully worked, though I have no qualms with his fantastic performance. Electro, or Max Dillon, is played by Jamie Foxx, who I have to say is on a role lately with his acting roles. However, I can't help but feel he didn't get enough focus in the film due to the filmmakers trying to shove in Harry and even a bit of Rhino. If I could do this film series my way, I'd have Harry Osborne in the first film interacting with Peter during high school, inferring a long relationship between the two, and have him be shipped off to boarding school at the middle of the movie, until he comes back for the sequel. I'd also make Electro the main villain of the second film with no *SPOILERS* Green Goblin at the end, or Rhino. The story is better than the first, and by the end, the weighty material feels justified, though it's hard not to think that the film is very bloated, which is why I think some of it should have been put into the third film instead. Still, this movie is good, and feels like a Spider-Man movie, but it's just not amazing. It has some amazing moments, especially towards the end, which I won't spoil, but other moments just feel dull. Here's hoping for a more sensational sequel.JullTheAmazing	10	May  5, 2014	
A film with much feeling, written with wonderful, full of splendor in their actions and motivating romantic scenes. Shocking scenes of action, much guaranteed entertainment, a wonderful and unique experience. The best superhero movies of all time, no doubt it is
mightymoose	8	May  5, 2014	This movie was action-packed! The two hours and thirty minutes went by very quickly and there wasn't any part of the movie that I remember where it felt drawn out. The love story was a recurring theme but I never felt like it got in the way of the action and it was very straightforward. No love triangles or any overplayed drama like the previous trilogy. I really liked the cast. This Harry Osborn has more emotion and you can clearly see him go insane little by little until he blossoms into a real villain. James Franco's character never really went 100% villain (and that took three movies), but this new version does become Spiderman's worst nightmare (similar to Harvey Dent in Dark Knight) very quickly. So I can't wait until the last installment of this trilogy where they are probably going to have a full-scale war between Harry Osborn's new crew of villains and Spiderman. Hopefully, with some of the cast dying/leaving, it opens the door for some creative additions to the cast that will play a character on the good side instead of the bad. Oh, and one of my favorite parts is near the end where the little kid in the Spiderman Halloween costume comes out and tries to take on Rhino. I thought that was a pretty cool scene to sneak in at the end.Dark0s	10	May  3, 2014	The Movie was way better than expected, the part of which Gwen dies was horrible yet amazing, it's better than the first movie which is great too, but without doubt its better than the old trilogy, the acting were the best but the movie editing was average.JuanPiron	8	May  3, 2014	Que dire de the amazing Spider man 2, simplement qu'il est au dessus du précédent tant au niveau visuelle que au niveau du scénario même si je reproche à ce dernier sa fin, qui n'est autre qu'une fin bâcler pour couvrir la vraie fin qui elle n'est pas une happy end. Je crois que la plus grosse erreur du film et de penser qu'il vont pouvoir nous remplacer Gwen. Ceci passe trés mâl au niveau du public. On ne pourras jamais oublier Gwen sa fait quand même plus de 4h que l'on vit les aventure de spidey avec elle. Vous me direz alors pourquoi!!!!!!! 8 comme score. Tout simplement parceque c'est le meilleur Spider Man qui est était fait, tant par son esthétique que le reste de l'histoire, et oui on est alors bien iloin de la première trilogie et de son pantin de Bouffon vert, très beau ralentit, constrate, film esthétique. Contrairement au premier qui avait trop de ressemblance  avec la premiére trilogie ici The Amazing Spider Man prend vraiment son indépendance.Sinon pour terminez je vous conseillerez d'aller le voir, très beau spectale.TheMarine316	10	May  3, 2014	I really don't understand some critics at times, just like with Man of Steel, I feel the critics went into this movie already prepared to dislike it, this movie does have some problems but most of them stem from personal preference, the tone jumps around a lot, at times it feels really mature and is catering to adults then the next scene something is said or done that makes you feel that it's catering to kids, so at times you get the feeling that this movie suffers from an identity crisis, then u throw in the fact that 1 or 2 of the villains in this movie were simply not needed and that the aspirations of this movie were so huge that they kept throwing things into it that weren't needed... I know it sounds like i'm really down on this movie so here's the surprise... I LOVED THIS MOVIE... Earlier I said it comes down to personal preference, I didn't mind the change in tone from serious adult movie to catering to kids at times and there was some really cheesy dialog but I can forgive that because this movie was just so darn entertaining, I wanna make one thing clear... Andrew Garfield owns this character of Spider-Man/Peter Parker, regardless of if he's in or out of the suit he is the character from how he loves being spidey, his love for Gwen and his fear of losing her, his relationship with aunt May all the way to how he interacts with the villains, sony needs to sign him to more Spider-Man movies beyond the third, Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone's chemistry on screen almost feels unfair to any other pairing it's so perfect... Like I said earlier this movie has some problems but I overlooked all of them because for me they were small nitpicks that didn't take away from the overall enjoyment of the film, this movie is the definition of a Summer blockbuster, it's got action, mystery, romance and heartbreak, everything I like about these comic movies so for me... and I don't do this much... it's a 10Just1nsane	9	May  3, 2014	That movie was the best spiderman that was made to date. The score was really good we had people singing in the theater. The characters we had people getting emotional as well. The cheesy lines Spidey says is how it's supposed to be have you ever watched the cartoon series? Also the same with the new York people its supposed to be comical its coming from a comic book lol. I'm sorry not every comic book movie needs to be dark and like the dark knight. I enjoyed the movie very much the people I was with enjoyed it. The people in the theater as well. Now I will agree ryno was ridiculous and needs to go. The build up to green goblin was not very well put that's why this movie was a 8.5/10 for me.﻿Rzibara117	10	May  3, 2014	
The amazing spider man 2 is quite possibly the best super hero movie I have ever watched, and is without question the best spiderman film to date. Excellent movie, the characters, plot, direction, soundtrack, and acting were all fantastic, all I could think of after watching the movie was going to see it again.
Kaelrage898	10	May  4, 2014	
The Amazing Spide rman a mixture of action,good acting and goofiness...I was surprised of how good this movie ended up being.I'm a huge Spider man fan...this movie was the best one in my opinion...everything that you would like in a spider man movie....amazing!
tmjns43	9	May  3, 2014	The fact that this film currently has a mixed score is absurd, this is easily the best Spider-Man film to date, and one of the best superhero films ever made. I suspect much of the negativity stems from the bitterness many people have regarding Spidey not being part of the Marvel cinematic universe. But make no mistake about it, this film is far better than most Marvel movies - only the recent Captain America film can come close to it. It also proves that there is so much to the world of Spider-Man, that there's no need for crossovers or additional superheroes. This film is powerful, emotional, gripping, intense, and tragic. The acting is incredible and the special effects are stunning. The movie is long, but contrary to some other reviews, it never drags. The soundtrack is brilliantly done. The overall theme and message is one that we all need to be reminded of. Go see it, you won't be disappointed.VinnieFernandz	10	May  2, 2014	watched the movie yesterday and I can say it is the best movie of Spider-Man. They made it as good old joker ever without exaggerating, and the script is very good! (some spoke of both the script and gave little note) For me ta fantastic script. And the action scenes do not need to say that neither are spectacular, well-designed and well fitted in every movie. Has enough drama also for Gwen and Peter, is not very dramatic one without molasses, very daora! The strong point of the film for me was to report straight like to be Spider-Man, the Daily problems he has in the city and how it relates it with family and himself!daveyboy1_2	10	May  2, 2014	
So, I saw this movie last night. It was fantastic. I don't understand these negative reviews, they are completely idiotic in my opinion. The movie has awesome acting/characters/story-telling/action/etc. I absolutely loved this movie. Must see. Truly amazing in my opinion. Spiderman has never been better!
AGarcia732	8	May  2, 2014	This sequel to The Amazing Spider-Man is bigger and bolder in every way: more villains, more subplots and storylines, more action sequences and CGI, etc. There is a lot riding on this sequel, because after this Sony is planning an Amazing Spider-Man 3 and 4, a Sinister Six film, and a Venom film. Sony is trying to replicate the billions of dollars Disney’s Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) has made, and to do that means a bigger universe and more characters, right? The reviews for this movie have been mixed. This movie has a lot of pressure on it to succeed, and in some people’s opinions that didn’t happen because of the comparisons to the original Sam Raimi trilogy (Spider-Man 2 in particular, and Spider-Man 3 due to the fact that each have 3 villains) and the comic book source material. The question is: does The Amazing Spider-Man 2 surpass its predecessors? I do like the original movies. I will always have a place for them—I grew up with them as a kid; I once thought Spider-Man 3 was the best movie ever! However, I have re-watched them (I own the entire trilogy on DVD, even Spider-Man 2.1) and I now see they aren’t perfect. I have also reviewed them on Metacritic; so I won’t get so in-depth here. Nostalgia’s a mixed bag, isn’t it? In my personal opinion, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is better than The Amazing Spider-Man and slightly surpasses the original trilogy. Why do I believe that? Well, it’s honestly because it feels more fun and exciting to ME; the action in the film and the personality of Spider-Man is appealing to ME.The cast is great and has improved. Andrew Garfield has done a better job of making Peter more funny and playful now in this second film instead of the jerk and douchebag he was in the first. Gwen and Peter’s relationship in this film is as cute as ever. In real life Andrew and Emma Stone are a couple. And so their on-and-off screen chemistry works out beautifully in my opinion; they are great (even if their relationship is pretty bumpy in the movie). Aunt May shows more emotion. Now, some will compare this to Spider-Man 3 simply because they each have three villains. But Rhino has a small and minor role in this film; he is only in the film for a total of 5 or 6 minutes, including without his mech-suit. So he almost doesn’t count, and that leaves Electro and the Green Goblin. I personally liked both but both are a bit rushed. Dane DeHaan is a great Harry Osborn: he’s charismatic, gives depth to the character, and delivers a level of anger and sorrow I haven’t seen in him before. I think he wouldn’t have felt so rushed if he had been introduced in the first film. Max Dillon’s transformation from Spider-Man-obsessed, electrical worker nobody to super-powerful super-villain is done OK. However, his reasons of hatred toward Spider-Man are a bit weak. The trio of villains could’ve had more screentime as their alter-egos, and I think there should’ve been more of a bigger fight between them and Spider-Man. Electro wasn’t used to his full potential, and neither was the Green Goblin. (Maybe we’ll see more in TASM 3 or the Sinister Six?) Both of these classic villains had a change in design, but I still like their look; I honestly never had a problem with it. The new films might not be the most faithful to the comics, but things change. I understand that hardcore fans might be upset, but in Hollywood movies adaptations often stray a bit from the source material. I have accepted this change. The CGI and color palette from the trailers, featurettes, TV spots, etc., has definitely improved (As an example, that one scene where Spider-Man hits the Rhino with a sewer lid—the background that was bright blue against an orange explosion has improved, darker, and more realistic colors.) The whole movie moves too quick from scene to scene. Villains weren’t used to full potential. The movie relies too heavily on bait/teases for future films. It’s like an ad, for an ad, for an ad. It feels less like a movie and more like a chapter in a book. His greatest battle? His greatest battle so far! However, all things considered, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a good movie, yet flawed. I hope if you disagree with me that this detailed review at least explains well enough my point of view. If you liked this in-depth review, please read my other ones on a wide variety of movies and TV shows (including the original Spider-Man trilogy and other superhero movies) by clicking on my name or obviously on the “Read this User’s Reviews” button, and please mark this review as helpful. I put as much thought and effort into these reviews as I can, and it’s just a hobby so I’d be thankful. I almost passed my maximum character limit! *SPOILERS AHEAD*The character of Gwen Stacy died too soon. She had more potential and was just a great character; I liked her a lot more than Kirsten Dunst’s Mary Jane. Electro’s APPARENT death was too quick and easy, he should’ve given Spider-Man more of a fight. The same goes for the Green GobliSalaman	10	May  2, 2014	
This movie is what any comic aficionado of the web slinger has been waiting for a long time. Visually astonishing, emotional and exciting. The world building will keep them high on their seat when realizing the possibilities in which this franchise can go. I have to applaud the film score of this movie that is of extreme high quality, memorable.
Badass	10	May  2, 2014	
This movie was amazing. The pace was really good and the villains were freaking awesome. Also Andrew Garfield perfectly fits the role as spiderman and I think he is better than Toby Maguire  spiderman
hrodi007	10	May  3, 2014	
This movie was seriously AMAZING!!! The story line is great, the visual effects are very impressive, and the music is top notch. Very funny, dramatic, and at some moments, a little scary... :)
skykappah	9	May  6, 2014	Trust the user reviews, the critics are wrong!!  Anyway.. TASM2 is epic. Avengers kinda of epic. (well almost!)Well for a single super hero anyway!  Electro steals the show for me in this and Garfield and Stone chemistry is again very believable. Though it's well over 2 hours long, it passes quick, everything about it was fun and  effortless especially the Spider-man action scenes and they are comic book frame perfection.. I webbed myself.Elite	8	May  4, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is quite possibly the best spider-man film there is. It has what Sam Raimi's spider-man trilogy lacked; comic book relevance. This movie rips straight from the ultimate spider-man comics instead of trying to create new stories and mess with them. Critics right now are being too harsh, this was a genuinely great superhero action film. It had an interesting story what with Harry Osborn and Max Dillon going through the unfortunate events that they do, long with the will they won't they relationship between Peter & Gwen. First of all, Andrew Garfield is PERFECT as Spider-Man/Peter Parker. While Tobey Maguire did fulfill the nerdy part of Parker, he seemed more likely to be killing people than saving them. Garfield brings everything that Spider-Man is to the big screen, funny, heroic and serious all when necessary. Emma Stone didn't have as much to do in this film as she did in the last one, as the movie mainly focuses on Peter's struggles in his current life. The chemistry between Garfield & Stone is what really makes them a believable couple in this film (Maybe because they are in real life?) Jamie Foxx was fantastic as Electro, a sympathetic nerdy fan of Spider-Man's who goes against the wallcrawler due to his shocking transformation. In the beginning you feel bad for him but as the movie goes along you realise what Peter's effect on him is. Believing that Spider-Man needs him only to find out he says he needs ll the people of New York, really breaks him as he is a character who is socially awkward and has never really had any friends, along with never getting any credit for the work he does. So he unleashes his rage against Spider-Man along with the Green Goblin. Now, it's no secret Harry Osborn becomes the Green Goblin as the trailers do show you quick looks at him, but it feels like Harry Osborn is in the movie longer than the Green Goblin is. Don't get me wrong, Dane DeHaan was amazing in this film, leaps and bounds better than James Franco was. But he is the Green Goblin, so theres a feeling that he could have been in the film as the goblin longer but was cut down to maybe a total of 20 minutes. Although all the trailers show Paul Giamatti as Rhino and make him out to be the big third villain of the film, he's only in the movie for literally 10 minutes. I wouldn't really count him as a villain under these circumstances. Other characters such as Sally Fields as Aunt May and Chris Cooper as Norman Osborn are good in the scenes they're in, it's just that they don't really have as much of an impact as the main characters do. Overall, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is the greatest Spider-Man film to exist though it does seem like it's trying too hard to establish a larger universe.moviemitch96	8	May  4, 2014	Definitely a worthy and entertaining sequel to the first "Amazing Spiderman" film. Like its predecessor, this one sticks remarkably close to the comics and certainly brings back a few nostalgic (and tragic) moments. The action and effects were great, if not, a little excessive at times. Andrew Garfield once again fulfills his role nicely, as does Emma Stone. Jamie Fox pulls of a decent performance as Electro, and Dane DeHaan makes for quite an impressive and sinister Harry Osborne. Overall, with the great effects, performances, and story that's remarkably loyal to the comics, this makes for one of the best and most fun Spiderman entries so far!thatSTERLINkid	7	May  4, 2014	[This review contains spoilers, so unless you've already seen the movie or just don't care, tread with caution.] Usually I'm able to write up reviews immediately after I see a movie, but this time I had to sleep it off. As I was walking out of the theater, I had nothing but good things to say about the movie due to how fast the 2 and a half hours went by, along with other great things that will definitely be mentioned in this review... But for hours, I found myself thinking: "How did this movie get such low scores?" and as I woke up this morning, it hit me. The Amazing Spider-Man 2 may not be a bad movie, but it does throw a lot at the viewer from many different directions, which is definitely this movie's downfall. There's actually so much going on in this movie that I'm surprised Peter Parker having some kind of a mental breakdown wasn't scripted. Starting with what makes this film a mess as opposed to what makes it shine; the first of many things that this movie throws at its audience is the absence of Peter's father, which is actually how the movie opens up. I suppose this could have been seen as necessary to the plot for the sake of Peter's back-story, but as the film moves on you'll realize that it's just one more thing that this movie has to juggle. Following that is the incredibly predictable, and not enjoyable at all thanks to the trailers that spoil it, chemistry between Gwen Stacey and Peter. This goes on throughout the entire movie in a pretty steady flow full of hardcore feels that build up to the big moment, but wait, there's more. In addition to Peter's past and love life is the uprising of Maxwell Dillon, aka Electro, who's character build is actually pulled off pretty well. It's a shame that it nearly gets drowned out by everything else going on, including the relationship between Peter and Harry Osborn. Despite being in the film consistently from the first 30 minutes or so, Harry doesn't even make his transition into the Green Goblin until the film's final moments. Confused yet? Because there's even more. At the very end of the movie after Peter takes a 5-month hiatus, thanks to what should have been the big finale, The Sinister Six goes into development starting with Rhino terrorizing the streets of New York. First of all, how did it take 5 whole months for any serious crimes that require Spider-Man's assistance to occur? Second, why would they close out the movie with a member of the Sinister Six fighting Spider-Man before the release of The Sinister Six movie, which Spider-Man is to have no involvement in? And finally, what in the world were they thinking when they put the final clip of the movie in the trailers? The whole time I was sitting around, I kept hearing "But wait, where's Rhino?", and if you take the clip of them in the trailers, then add credits after Spidey is about to hit him, you've got the end. Pretty lame. However, there are actually a few sources of light in this long, dark, 2 and a half hour tunnel. What The Amazing Spider-Man 2 overloads us with is made up for with an amazing use of visual effects. Nothing looks like it's computer generated, the CGI interactions between actors is spot on, and best of all, the film opens up with scenes filmed in my home town; Rochester, NY. I actually even shouted "It's Rochester!" a couple times, but people didn't really like that too much. The film's also pretty smart with its use of music, as opposed to simply blaring an original score whenever something gets even remotely serious. My personal favorites both involve Max, though. The first is when he becomes Electro, and an electronic song is used to portray the thoughts in his head while kicking off an interesting fight between he and Spidey. Another was towards the end of the movie and involved Electro toying with Spider-Man and playing "The Itsy-Bitsy Spider" through poles of energy. Really smart play there. There was also a good amount of strategic foreshadowing that required knowledge of the Spider-Man universe and didn't feel like a huge addition to the already cluttered story-line. A woman named Felicia was introduced soon after Harry Osborn was, and despite not hearing her last name, I'm sure it's Hardy. Felicia Hardy is Black Cat in the Spider-Man universe, and serves as an anti-hero who I'd love to see in future films. There was also a lot to see on the holo-graphic images presented in Oscorp, but unless you have the ability to pause it, you won't get much. I also like how Doctor Octopus and Kraven were hinted at. Overall, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is exactly what I said it was in the beginning; not a bad movie, but it does throw a lot at the viewer from many different directions, which is definitely this movie's downfall. I sincerely hope that the next couple films in the franchise aren't this cluttered, and the Sinister Six movie doesn't flop as hard as I think it will with so many stories to tell in such a short amount of time.TVJerry	6	May  4, 2014	Maybe I should stop reviewing comic book superhero flix, because I've lost all patience with the genre. The predictable stories, ho-hum opponents and noisy action all play out in this sequel. Luckily, Andrew Garfield (in the title role) has loads of charisma and charm that makes watching him enjoyable. Toss in his chemistry with Emma Stone and you have a bearable love interest. Other than that, there's nothing new or special. Another downside of these films is the unnecessary length (1:42 in this case) that includes too much unnecessary drama and villainous posturing. I was never bored, but just tired of the uninspired formula.Spanky	0	Sep  3, 2014	
One of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The humor was lame and out of place.  I forced myself to watch it until the end to make sure the terrible script would continue to the credits.  It did.
Auriell	0	Oct  6, 2014	
Tons of people giving this movie a 10. Am I living in the twilight zone? No, probably not - but this movie was probably inspired by the twilight movies. There are so many wrongs in this movie it is really disappointing. Its almost like they created this movie as a replacement for lithium treatment - can't get any more depressing than that.
H4lo_K1ller	10	May 10, 2014	
While the goblin fight felt a bit rushed that did not make me not love this awesome superhero movie.Ton notch storyline, great performances from the actors and the special effects were incredible.You will definitely walk out of this movie satisfied
brohug	5	May 19, 2014	A borderline disaster. Perhaps sufficiently bad enough to kill this incarnation of the Spider-Man series. Dialogue is clunky and the tone of the movie is all over the map. At one point, as Peter and Gwen are in a broom closet at Oscorp hiding out from some nasty security men, they rekindle a discussion of whether she should go to her Oxford study program in England or not. Times Square is laid to waste (again) by Electro and the mass destruction of a New York landmark seems to get lost later in the on-going debate about leaving for Oxford or not. The musical score is poor and often doesn't support the drama depicted. Dan DeHaan is an exciting young actor but his Harry Osborn seems a tad over-the-top at times. Finally, this smarmy Peter Parker/Spider-Man edition portrayed by Andrew Garfield is, after two films, actually pretty annoying. Sony must feel pretty frustrated with its corner of the Marvel universe. I wonder when the next impatient Spider-Man "reboot" will be green-lit. This edition offers nothing that we didn't see and (dare I say) didn't enjoy better with the first two Raimi films.aeraphon	3	May  5, 2014	Great actors in a bloated film with plot holes and tone problems. 10 year-old will enjoy, but parents will be looking at their watches. This belongs on the shelf with "Batman and Robin" and "X-Men Origins: Wolverine". This had the campiest, cheesiest tone I've seen in a long time. Electro is played as confused loser prior to his transformation, we are never really clear why he hates Spiderman, and it's hard to feel menace when he is such a clown in the beginning. Dane DeHaan as Green Goblin is completely wasted - he was great in Chronicle, and has an air of menace in this. He wants Spiderman's blood to cure him of a fatal disease, his friend Peter won't give it to him for reasons that are never explained. The score in this film is awful - it reminded me of watching Disney channel, or a bad sitcom, where we constantly need to be told how to feel by the music because the script itself cannot make us feel humor, excitement or tension. It looked like a film designed by a committee to maximize spin-off franchises, and when the director's lack of focus resulted in problems, they edited the hell out of it and ladelled on the score to distract. The campiness peaked in the film with a minor character, Dr. Kafka - a german scientist cliche wearing eyeliner and lipgloss for no apparent reason. The moment he appeared, it confirmed we were in abysmal movie territory. We are asked to feel characters lives are in danger throughout the film, despite Spiderman usually fighting with an audience behind barricades cheering or jeering. I don't know about you, but when heavy rocket, machine-gun fire, lightening-strokes or plutonium are around, I usually try to avoid the area, and the police generally encourage that. Might need Christopher Nolan to come in and do a gritty reboot after all the cheese on display here. It's sad because the leads have a lot of chemistry and charisma, it's just wasted on this film and this director. Go see Captain America or rent Chronicle instead - it's everything this film isn't.averywetfrog	3	May  5, 2014	Thought it was mediocre on my first viewing. On my second viewing I was completely bored. The only reason to see this movie is if you must see every Spider-Man film. The plot was poor, the side plots were terrible, the villains were boring. If you don't like cgi heavy films you are out of luck.  The relationship between Peter and Gwen was not on par with the first movie.  Some scenes put a smile on my face but they were few and far between.There was one great scene in the movie but you are better off just waiting to rent it on dvd.  Please save your money and just rent it.Wilde84	10	May  6, 2014	The critics have this completely wrong and are completely out of touch with the fan base. This an excellent comic book movie. The jokes are typical of Spiderman comics and the story progression works well. (spoiler) I had my concerns before watching this film because I was worried about how Electro was advertised as the lead villain however the Green Goblin has been done justice in this film and I was pleasantly surprised.jackster5555	10	May 10, 2014	
As the title says AMAZING jus AMAZING!!! Stone and Garfield are awsome and Dane DeHaan wow! I didn´t know he can act so good! forget what the critics say, this movie is really good!
Witty-Username	6	May 12, 2014	The film starts out with an underwhelming flashback to Peter Parker's parents, which is followed by a fairly terrible fight scene on a plane, which is just a badly directed mess of a scene.Then the film flashes forward an unspecified amount of time into the future, and we have one of the highlights of the movie: a CGI scene of Spider-Man jumping off a building followed by a chase scene that jumps back and forth between Peter's high school graduation and a police chase.I think if there's one positive about this movie it's the casting. Andrew Garfield is spot-on as Spider-Man, and Emma Stone does a good job as the love interest.However there were a few....miscasts: such as the completely forgettable Harry Osbourne portrayed by that guy from Chronicle, and the worst offender, the Rhino, with a terrible Russian accent and a terrible costume this was easily the worst character in the movie.Then we have the main antagonist of the film, Electro, portrayed by Oscar winning actor Jamie Foxx, Foxx manages to be one of the slightly more interesting elements of the movie, but thanks to bad directing and an overstuffed cast, he doesn't get enough time to fully develop his character.The atrocious dialogue is easily one of the worst parts of this movie. Anyone who remembers the final line from the last movie can probably get an idea of the poor quality of the writing in this sequel.joelzabeast	10	May 13, 2014	i don't get why so many people are hating on this movie or saying its ok. I thought this movie was awesome with electro as an awesome villain by Jamie fox. I liked the new harry Osborn as green goblin and also another fantastic job by Andrew Garfield aswell. there is awesome action seens and the cgi affects are great. I would definetly recommend this movie to anyone and spiderman is absolutely the best. periodgasolene	0	Aug 30, 2014	
This movie sucked. I actually laughed at the idiocy of most of it and fast forwarded the other bits. Tragic is an understatement. Did 17 year olds write the script? Please say yes.
Kaito	10	May  2, 2014	AMAZING, SPECTACULAR, EXCITING, ROMANTIC, FUNNY! This Movie is ALL you need in a Cincecomic! Is pure Spider-Man! For me: the best Spider-Man Movie, despite its small flaws (like every cinecomic), and I loved it! Andrew Gardielf, Emma Stone, Sally Field and Dane DeHaan were great! And the final is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen in a cinecomic movie, really really moving. Great Movie, great Cinecomic, great Spider-Man!victorhjkl	8	May  3, 2014	
Andrew Garfield is amazing as spider-man, I like a lot his performance; The special effects are amazing, the soundtrack is great, and the action scenes couldn't be better. The movie is not perfect, but it is good at all, and it exceeded my  expectations...
MohamedAyman	9	May  2, 2014	Com 'on people there is too much unnecessary hate for this movie. it's very good there is nothing wrong with it (great acting, amazing story, brilliant directing, had action,comedy and even a bit of romance maybe there was a bit of kissing than you'd have on an action movie but it wasn't as bad as some say) and it's surprisingly that most of that hate is coming from fans like us. the story developed as it should have been, you don't get bored in the middle waiting for an amazing revel or a fight you're waiting to see  it all happens when you want it to. but after saying that it's not all action you can't have a movie full of just fighting without saying why or for what they are fighting (so the complains about not as action as I thought is unfair). SO overall the movie is very great and the chemistry is at it top with this amazing cast everyone is great in the movie, everyone has done their job as they should. let's not forget that this is a different way of telling the story it's not Tobey Maguire's Spider-man anymore.DeadMonkeeey	10	May  4, 2014	This movie is awesome! I love Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker and Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy a lot! The story is well written, nice structured and if you read the comics you'll know what's going to happen (kinda). I like the love story between Peter and Gwen even if it's complicated ^^ And now the villains: The acting of Jamie Foxx is phenomenal! Brilliant! The acting of Dane DeHaan was good, but if you watched the old trilogy you'll automatically have a worse opinion from him, because truly, James Franco was better. I'm giving the movie 10/10, because all in one- it's good!thebatreturns	10	May  3, 2014	
ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss44444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss_This movie is **** awesome!!!!!!!
RicochetPhoenix	10	May  5, 2014	Excellent performances from Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, and Dane DeHaan;  with Sally Field and Jamie Foxx adding solid performances to what was an emotionally gripping film full of amazing action.  As a lifelong Spidey fan and avid comic reader, I was on the edge of my seat the whole time and left feeling both completely satisfied with Amazing Spider-Man 2 and anxiously anticipating the future of this franchise.  For a true comic book fan, this is the best live action iteration of Spider-Man yet!FranMan	9	May  2, 2014	SPOILERS!My conclusion is that " Amazing Spider Man 2" was a very good movie, Spidey 's best film to date, with excellent digital effects, great performances , many subplots and it's true .... maybe not convince the villains ; since the premise is " When enemies United ... " But that 's the only villain is Electro and looks the other villains do not have enough share, Elf appears only the last 20 Mins and Rhino does not paint a pepper in the film, only appears for 4 Mins with Giant Robot and ends with a Cliffhanger (Which I hope the next begins with the confrontation with which the film was left open ) . This film is to buy it, and not only that ... I WILL BUY THIS MOVIE WHEN AWAY! ( Of course, in Version 1 Disco DVD ) PS: I was thrilled when the movie ended , everyone applauded the room and screamed " Woohhhoo " It was exciting for me , I had not seen so many people applauding since I saw The Avengers in 2012imthenoob	0	Aug  3, 2014	The words Sucks Major Ass describes it perfectly. From the stupid sub plot with Peter's parents (which has absolutely zero relevance to the film), The even dumber visions that Peter has of Gwen's Dad, The pathetic villains and their laughable portrayals (I hated the Rhino and found absolutely zero use for him in the film, Jamie Foxx was laughably bad as Max/Electro, and I thought what they did to the Green Goblin was a huge injustice despite loving the actor who portrays him). Overall, Amazing Spider-Man 2 was a huge freaking drop off from the first film and I would strongly recommend avoiding it at all costs.phatmamasboy	10	May  5, 2014	Beginning to realise with every passing day that the job of a critic is one that has become irrelevant and uninformed. I honestly do not think that critics have any taste for movies and this is especially been proven by this movie. this film is fantastic. The story is brilliantly paced, builds up to an explosive end and is incredibly performed by the actors. once again this is a fail on behalf of the critics. WATCH THIS FILM. its better than any pretentious half hearted BS the critics would prefer giving a good rating to....Roudy	10	May  4, 2014	
Exceptional movie. Everything was great - acting, effects etc. Only one downside - fil was a lil rushed and overfilled with villains, other than that it aws perfect.
Xaiver1	0	May 11, 2014	Amazingly Bad. For such a great Marvel character and how good the Spidey "reboot" started out in ASM1 - This movie fails at almost every turn.It wants to build up the "Stacy/Parker" relationship, but all we get are an overload of half a dozen or so  scenes that go nowhere. Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield both seems to  be desperately searching to be anywhere else other than this movie their dialogue in these scenes seems forced and uncomfortable and only adds to the clunky pacing of the film.Jamie Foxx a talented Actor and Comedian appears as Electro the more or less central villain of the film. Foxx is totally wasted here as he is given almost nothing to say and even less to do but act as a focal point for Michael Bay-level Special Effects. Ditto for Paul Giamatti.The motivations behind why many of these villains become villains are so oddly concocted that they are beyond ridiculous and in some cases missing altogether, this is also true for many scenes in the movie itself even in an a truly awkward moment near the end of the movie that seems intent to create a somber and heartfelt moment, but is more so just a desperate gimmick. There are scenes that go on and on and on well past their expiration date and others that seem inserted from the movie that this one was supposed to be.  I read somewhere that several different writers worked on the script for this movie– They all must have really disliked each other.I get it these are all supposed to be comic book characters, but that is exactly what has made many of the movies in the Marvel Universe (i.e.,Avengers, Captain America, etc.) so good; the filmmakers made an effort to try and portray the characters as somewhat realistic people. This movie is so bad that even the Marvel trademark ‘Easter Egg’ is botched as a hastily added afterthought.leandronardi	10	May  2, 2014	
I can't understand why critics don't like this movie, as the title says, the amazing spider man is amazing! tons of action, the story is very good, the enemies! daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn fantastic!
ReubenIsAGod	9	May  2, 2014	Loved the film.  the pasting was off,  the villains were rused and it was more Romantic then action packed, but hey, the film had brilliant acting, a SPECTACULAR soundtrack and more MEMORABLE marvel villains compared 2 most Disney films, im looking at u Iron Man 3, with breath taking moments and the most believable romantic relationship ever presented from a superhero film, Emma stone gives a stunning performance as Gwen Stacy and Garfield is Peter Parker/Spider-Man, he is the closets to Spidy live ever seen from a live action film. The film is riddled in flaws, yet, the films Pros are almost at par with the faults. Overall i really, really enjoyed the film, probs a bit 2 much, and im Definitely going back 2 see the film againHumza5	10	May  2, 2014	
This movie is flawless and is surprisingly really good, when I saw the score on Metacritic, a 53? I was like all oh man. but their is one thing i learned today, screw Metacritic's score
DeakenBlack	10	May  5, 2014	This is in my opinion the best Spider-man or any comic book movie to date. Critics and angry fanboys couldn't be more far off. I'm glad Marvel doesn't own the rights to this series. Their movie are good, but are more based on action and an objective or mission, and Spider-man is more about the life. Spider-man needs to be just as much about Peter Parker as it does Spider-man and this movie nails it. I enjoyed the Sam Raimi movies, even part three, but after a recent re-watch they do feel out dated by today's comic book standards even though it's only been a few years since the last one. That Spider-man seems so much stiffer and mopey. Andrew Garfield is loose, the computer effects (if you can even tell it's CG, some claim to be able too, but I don't believe them) make Spider-man loose, and nimble like he's supposed to be. I enjoyed the villains a lot too. Electro felt in the vein of Michelle Pfiefer's Catwoman  to me, and even Harry was portrayed great.moviegangster	0	May 10, 2014	
Such a crap! There was one genuinely heart-felt moment toward the very end of the film that got me, but the rest? Very blah. The second Captain America film was a thousand times better than this film. The chemistry between the two leads is meager, the bad guys don't inspire fear like those in the the Dark Knight series - not even close
ucmessiah	3	May  2, 2014	Sally Field I love you, but the rest of the movie is bringing me down. I feel like if I had no exposure to complex feelings and emotions in my life, I would have enjoyed this film much better. The problem with films like this is that they fail to realize their own shortcomings and act as if they don't exist, then completely overcompensate for their feared lack of identity by throwing in enough noise and wow factor that they hope you forget/cant see past the explosions that 80% of the characters in this film have the depth of a broken shot glass. For real though, what happened to Unchained Jamie Foxx? Rather here we get to endure a humorless version of Bait Jamie Foxx. Yeah, who remembers that s***.Allyson	10	May  2, 2014	
Just like the title, the movie is amazing! Despite some creative liberties, the film shows for the first time on film the true spirit of Spider-Man comics. Excellent, will watch again and again and again. Haters are desperate! This is the final film of the spidey!
Edork	0	May 27, 2014	If you're a hard core Spider Man fan and didn't like the Sam Raimi trilogy then by all means go for it. But for me, this movie was just terrible from beginning to end. No heart, no consistency, no conclusions, no point, no real fun, no passion from ANYBODY working on this from the screenwriters to the director! All it ends up amounting up to is a 2 and a half hour long trailer for the Sinister Six movie we all know is going to happen soon.Worst comic book movie I've seen in years!best_pokemon	9	May  3, 2014	I feel like this was one of the greatest super hero movies. It can't be compared to The Dark Knight but in its own way it truly is amazing. I was disappointed the first one(The Amazing Spider-Man) but this one made up for it. I found it easy to connect to the characters which made the story better, especially near the end. Even though everybody else(critics) rated it bad I urge you to watch it for yourself without bias. P.S coolest special effects ever!Magavaa	4	May  4, 2014	Marc Webb is the wrong choice for Spiderman. Plain and simple. He just cant bring out Spiderman like Raimi did in Spiderman 1 and 2. The Good: 1) Web Slinging was awesome. 2) Harry Osborn was easily the best part of the movie. 3) PP and Gwen's relationship was very believable though I felt that they spent too much time on it. This is a Spiderman movie not a love story. The Bad: 1) Too long for the story they were telling. 2) Villain was given a back seat in favor of a love story. Also, villain's motivation is laughable. 3) Music was not emotional enough. I absolutely love Hans Zimmer but this was a miss-step. Other than Harry's transformation, at no point did I feel that adrenaline rush you get when something big is about to happen. 4) Terrible pacing. Jumbled script. Forced jokes. Spiderman talks too much when in action etc.MovieBuff111	8	May  4, 2014	I really though TASM 2 was good they are really setting up a universes which gets me excited I can wait for the next I think its gonna be great. I thought they set up the characters perfectly as a fan of the comics but I would say TASM 2 was more about setting up the trilogy which I really liked and I understand they change somethings up in the adaptions to the movies and that doesn't bother me. It wasn't filled with action but the action that did happen was amazing.Didimockets	10	May  9, 2014	
Much better movie than spider man 3, yet according to the critics, spider man 3 was more well recieved. Makes no sense at all.The movie successfully captures the essence of what being spider man is. Spidey is a light hearted character who lives in a dark world, but that doesn't make Spider Man dark. Definitely this movie does not deserve all this criticism.
djnicey	3	May  6, 2014	
This film could have been made 10 years ago and it still wouldn't have had a single fresh idea or concept. The first Amazing Spiderman was SO much better.There was nothing amazing in this movie, it had just about every superhero film cliche and trope, seen it all so many times before. Its not a bad film, just incredibly unoriginal and uninteresting.
Forrestgump1	7	Jul 31, 2014	Yes folks it is indeed that time of the year..again. Where does the year go?. We can all start to smell the freshly popped popcorn in movie theaters, we are starting to wear shorts (well maybe if you don't live in Michigan) right now it is a cool 50 degrees. I digress, I'm referring to the opening of the summer movie going season, and this year's olympian taking the helm is "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" and kicks off the summer in a sporting fashion.Sure it does not live up to "Iron Man 3" or "The Avengers". However, in the realm of the Spider-Man universe. Marc Webb has enough emotional connectivity to subdue an audience in a trance, With the stunning growth of Spider-Man himself, Andrew Garfield and on screen girlfriend, Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone). Aside from the original "Spider-Man 2" directed by Sam Rami. This fun, and family friendly adventure is most notably the web slinger's best adventure yet. The tagline itself declares "His biggest battle..begins" and to that I say, indeed it has. A few years have passed since we saw "Spider-Man" on screen, and a lot of things have changed. Peter Parker is battling some inner demons. Dealing with the guilt of dating Gwen, after he promised her father (as Spider-Man) he would leave her out of it his life. Upon graduating high school the two are forced to make some tough decisions. Though that does not stop Max Dillon (Jamie Foxx) a pencil pusher, who everyone ignores, from falling in a vault of electric shock eels and be zap to smithereens. Causing him to become a forced to be reckoned with. "Don't you know...he's Electro". We also get introduced to an ACTUAL Green Goblin, in the form of Dane DeHaan, forcing Peter Parker to reconcile and understand the consequences of his own actions, even if that means hurting the people he loves most. At the same time finding the undiscovered truth about his parents. I should probably admit now, I was not a huge fan of the reboot "The Amazing Spider-Man" I just don't think I was ready for a reboot yet, and I felt the original "Spider-Man" accomplished more with characters. Plus, with that being said, you knew what was going to happen. Not to mention that the villain was bogus .. I mean The Lizard?! .. give me a break. Needless to say, Marc Webb has fixed those issues, but inclines new ones. It's very clear that Andrew Garfield has come into the role of Peter Parker, and you can clearly feel that within the opening scenes, and it's just a treat to watch. The on-screen romance between Parker and Stacey was one of the best in recent memory. Sally Field also returns as the wonderful Aunt May. In addition, Marc Webb takes things a bit too far. There were so many characters to keep up with (I thought) and the balance was just not there. I think Electro had fifteen minutes of actual screentime and two battles. Granted, those battles were slick, cool and engaging. I just wanted a little bit more of that blue looking smurf guy. "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" was trying to make the audience feel empathy and to be sappy. The theme of the film is resounding throughout, about facing your fears and dealing with life (something I can appreciate). It's just hard to take it seriously when the film tries to cater to a younger audience, instead of setting a tone throughout the whole film. Films like "The Dark Knight Rises" or last month's "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" which solidified it's tone and never changed. "Spider-Man 2" distinctly goes back and forth and at times get's confusing. Of course, what is a good Spider-Man film without it's villains. The resurrection of the Green Goblin is a sweet one. A big thank you goes out to Dane DeHaan for reinventing this character to groundbreakingly new heights. A way that James Franco or Willem Dafoe could never dream off. Was Jamie Foxx the best choice to play Electro? Sure why not. Was I particularly moved by his performance? not entirely. The character is fun but, if speaking literally, anyone can play it. The battle sequences themselves, were impressive. I screened the film in IMAX 3D and trust me what an experience it was. My heart was probably about to beat out of my chest in the film's climactic battle.The visual effects have improved vastly, since the last adventure. You can tell the crew had a much bigger budget to cater with. Usually, the summer movie going season is a fun time. Studios release their big tent poles and never hold back. The summer is already off to a great start. "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" is a blast, and probably the best adventure we have seen the masked crusader in. Marc Webb has some nice stylized sequences that will make any fanboy happy. Not to mention any casual movie-goer. I will probably see this film again for it's fun energetic pace. The two and half hour run-time just flies by. I had some high expectations heading into this film. I mean if you're going to kick of the summer, you better do it right. Once again, Marvel and their ever expanding world of characters, never disappoint. "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" has brought new life into this franchise, and I can't wait to see what the future holds for these characters. B By: Nate Adams Directed By: Marc WebbRated: PG13Run-Time: 142 minsStudio: SonyRelease Date: May 2nd 2014 Thanks For Stopping Buy.Yerczeys	3	May  5, 2014	
High points:  Good special effects, fun character designs, great Spider-man, decent humor.Low points:  Distracting music, contrived situations, humorously bad dialogue with a distracting and strained love story, and a thick layer of cheese.
NikolayG	8	May 18, 2014	The good: Everything about Gwen's story and the chemistry between Gwen and Peter Parker; the web slinging through the city, which is more visceral and believable by far than in the Sam Raimi movies. The bad: Overall the movie was too brooding and dark, and the story re Peter's father took too long to unfold. Also, they collapsed what should have been two movies into one. The Osborn Green Goblin saga deserved a movie of its own. Overall, though, to me this is the authentic Spider-Man film series. I love that they really are playing up the Gwen Stacy story. If you could take Andrew and Emma and the web-slinging from these films and plug them into the Sam Raimi movies, you'd really have something.harrylolman	8	May 10, 2014	This movie suprised me, I thought this was just going to be an adverage superhero movie, but the visual effects, the make you chuckle humour and the slightly suspencful plot line just makes it swing up to above adverage. The movie tries to make you laugh (it almost did) and it tries to make you feel bad for Peter (Almost there...). Although some would be complaining aboout the amount of CGI (me), it was well made and does the job well as a Spiderman movie. IT'S ALMOST WORTH IT, THAT'S A MOVIE MANIAC'S DREAM, GO SEE IT...TehBrawler	5	May  5, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is an overhyped and overly chaotic mess that tries too hard to be too much. None of the villains are relatable individuals, and even though the cast is strong and great at acting the parts, the director and writer decisions make most of the characters bland and shallow. The best part of this movie is the interactions between Peter and Gwen, not because of the plot surrounding them, but because of the strength of Garfield and Stone as actors. The soundtrack and editing are distracting and confusing, and the movie leaves you with a sour taste in your mouth. On the other hand, TASM2 offers great action and choreography that will have you on the edge of your seat. The balance between the dexterity of the characters and the strength of the damage makes every fight scene feel like it's straight out of a comic book. As previously mentioned, all actors in this movie give strong performances, as well, which makes it all the more disappointing when they can't be related to due to bad writing.TheApplegnome	6	Aug 17, 2014	This second installment of the Spiderman reboot is a bit greater than it’s predecessor, but it suffers with the same deficiencies. Well the CGI is incredible, and the action is okay, but not as great as I would define as awesome. The soundtrack is a bit more epic than it’s predecessor, but I miss a more greater one. The negative aspects are of course the bad ending, the slow amount of action, the weird story and the bad actor Andrew Garfield as Spiderman. I'm actually surprised that this movie isn’t that epic as I would want it to be, because it got two awesome writers: Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci, who gave us Star Trek (2009) and other great films. My conclusion of The Amazing Spiderman 2 is that it’s greater than the first movie, but it still suffer with bad directing and writing. The Amazing Spiderman 2 get a 6.7/10sergiopepeu	10	May 15, 2014	Sou fã do Homem-Aranha desde a infância. A trilogia anterior nunca me satisfez, pois colocava o Homem Aranha não como brincalhão, mas como um tolo. Esse reboot da série faz imensa justiça ao cabeça de teia dos quadrinhos. O primeiro filme já foi bom, mas esse segundo é muito melhor. Conseguiu traduzir plenamente a carga dramática da vida do super-heroi e a verdadeira face do Homem Aranha. É um filme feito e pensado para quem tem o homem aranha das HQs na cabeça. Além de tudo, nota dez para o desempenho dos atores que conseguiram na telona justificar todo o amor entre Peter Parker e Gwen Stacy, química nota dez.Reveiwer	8	May 12, 2014	
Look at those critics bashing this film. I do agree that this film does feel slightly rushed, but this is a solid movie. This film has an awesome score and fantastic special effects.
PolisKanin	9	May  6, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is an enjoyable film for fans of Spiderman, or just someone who wants to see a funny or action movie. There is a great blend of comedy and action, with a hint of romance. The Amazing Spiderman 2 tells the story of Spiderman and Max. Max is a nobody, as he has no friends and nobody cares about him. He works at Oscorp, which is also where Peter Parker’s (Spiderman’s) girlfriend works. The CEO dies and Peter’s old friend becomes CEO of the business. He finds out he has a disease which can only be cured by Spiderman’s blood. Peter worries that using his blood may kill him. At the same time Max is involved in an accident, and turns into Elektro. Max doesn’t want to be bad, and is just misunderstood due to his appearance. The only negative was brands being shoved down your throat. There was a “super cool” fight between spiderman, the police and Elektro, which was a great memorable scene, but everything was taken way from the scene because every few seconds when the camera turned back to spiderman, only part of the screen was him, half the screen was the background of a Disney store. Minutes later, the fight is shown on the news… via a TV with a Sony logo on it.   I warn anyone sensitive to flashing images to avoid this film, as towards the end of the film there is a scene where  the whole screen flashes for about two minutes. However, I recommend this film to anyone else looking for an action, comic or comedy film. I give the amazing Spiderman 2 a 9/10.AaronWasserman2	9	May  3, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is finally here! and this movie kicks ass! DON'T LISTEN TO THE CRITICS. Go in and have an awesome time because this movie is a fun fun fun ride. There are problems yes, but no movie is without flaws and this movie HEAVILY out weighs the good with bad. here are my ratings: 1. Cast: 9/10 - great preformances from all except Paul Giamatti (IMO, however that may have had to do with the little screen time.)2. Action: 9/10- audiences will love the final battle between Electro and Goblin3. Plot: 8/104. Score: 7/10- I love hans zimmer but unfortuantly he isnt as strong here. a few hits for sure.5. Effects: 10/106. Theater Experience: 9/10I will not go in depth here and ruin the movie but go see this movie and ignore the critics!thewanderer9	4	May  5, 2014	There is a certain level of laziness and half-assedness that pervades this entire film. the action scenes were half-cooked, never building to anything remotely satisfying. There's no palpable danger, no sense of the good guys being overwhelmed, not even slick visuals. The heart of the story is in the romance between Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy (played by Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone respectively). They have an obvious chemistry despite the hackneyed dialogue, but the "will-they-won't-they" card played throughout the first two hours or so of the film is played so often that it becomes grating and a bit of a slog. *SPOILER* Gwen Stacy's death and existence in this film pretty much serves as the Uncle Ben impetus of the Spider-Man story which is blatantly under served in this reboot of the series. Peter Parker never really seemed to give a damn about Uncle Ben -- neither does this franchise as a whole. It's quite a damn shame honestly. The overall narrative is far more disjointed than a movie of this budget should ever be with relatively unrelated plot threads being taped together with bubble gum, spit, and a prayer. Why shouldn't Spidey's blood be given to Harry Osbourn? Oh, apparently Peter Parker has chosen one DNA thanks to his dad creating the genetic spiders that just happened to have bitten Peter. Strange coincidences such as this abound in a slipshod attempt at covering plot holes. Why is Oscorp's basement full of evil science weapons? Oh, well in one line someone mentions them selling weaponry overseas... I guess? The movie makes the mistake of paving over plot holes with cheap stucco. It's all told in throwaway moments instead of seen - a cardinal rule the "writers" of this particular installment broke like it was running out of style. Dane Dehaan makes for an interesting idea of a villain, if only there had been more development of him as a character. Instead we're given a couple of goofy scenes and the assumption that his character, Harry Osbourn, and Peter Parker are best friends because we're told they are. The cringe-worthy and at times laughable dialogue does Dehaan no favors however, leaving the young thespian in the unenviable position of needing to polish a turd every time he delivers a line of dialogue. Jamie Foxx as Electro is a visually interesting character, if not for the obvious lifting of Dr. Manhattan from Alan Moore's The Watchmen. Sadly, the same cannot be said of the character's... well, character. From obsessive, schizophrenic engineer, Max Dillon to the energy construct of Electro, Foxx feels like a character from a cheesy Saturday morning cartoon in a story that tries its hardest not to be cartoony. The result is a heterogenous mishmash of a character who should be taken as unstable and inadvertently (only to become decidedly) dangerous and a completely different origin character pulled from Jerry Lewis' The Nutty Professor. Thusly, his involvement, battle, and motivations come off as comedically awkward rather than the seemingly erratic, eerily creepy character it seems the film is going for. Also, a flat out WTF for the bizarro music attempting to let us hear Electro's internal thoughts to the glorious modern disco fad known as dub-step (or really, it's more popularized version, "bro-step" as the kids call it). It's a vaguely interesting premise that came off as straight up laughable in practice. I'd love to speak more of Peter Parker and his development as a character, but there simply isn't much there. Aside from the effect of the completely impotent death of Gwen Stacy, Parker doesn't seem to learn much in a way that reveals more about him or makes him a better person. In fact, my biggest gripe with the first TASM was its insistence that Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy wind up back together at the end, despite Peter's promise to Gwen's father. It makes Peter unlikable in the extreme throughout this movie as he and Gwen continue to break up and get back together over the course, instead of the more emotionally intense staying apart out of necessity. This would have effectively motivated Peter chasing after Gwen when she mentions leaving for London. Instead, we get Peter Parker being a smug schmuck, and directly leading to Gwen's death in a moment that should have stolen the movie, and instead was utterly underwhelming. Followed by the repetition of a bizarrely unbelievable graduation speech from an "18" year old girl - I know she's supposed to be intelligent, but, PLEASE, this is supposed to be a high school valedictorian speech. Let's at least make it believable -- and it that way it probably would have been poignant instead of stilted and awkward. The Amazing Spider-man 2 is a set up for Sony's attempt at expanding the Spider-man universe. Aside from creating and setting up villains for a "Sinister Six" film, there was nothing noteworthy that occurred. There were almost no characters, no drama, just a cute couple acting cute... until one of them dies.Ricardocartoon1	10	May  6, 2014	
The best spider man movie ever make all spider man fan cry.Electro is awesome but Harry osborn is the main villian in the movie.The best green globin.Andrew and Emma are amazing.The soundtrack is so poweful and the credits music beautifuls.As a say the best Spider man movie.
1233218	8	May 10, 2014	I love this movie! It was pretty epic in parts, and I think there's not much wrong about it like the critics are saying. One thing I didn't like about it was how fast Electro came and went. He was suppose to be the  villain in this movie. I felt like he was under used. That was probably the only thing I didn't like about it. The Amazing Spider-Man was very dramatic more than anything, in my opinion which isn't a bad thing.JackdeNileth	8	May 11, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a good movie that might not be as cramped as Spiderman 3, but it still suffers from the fact that there are two many enemies, even though one of them is barely in the movie (which I personally didn't mind as he seemed rather uninteresting). Electro has a good screentime, but the Green Goblin and the entire storyline surrounding him is rushed beyond belief. They really should have stretched it into another movie.But apart from that I really liked it. The music is great, the chemistry between Peter and Gwen is absolutely perfect, they actually pick up the storyline about Peter's parents and so on.ToEndlessAbyss	5	Oct 12, 2014	
Mediocre at best, primarily because of strong expectations for excellence. This could have been so much more... Still, the music was good, action was solid enough - it just needed a stronger/more convincing plot.
DCEdmonds	7	Nov 13, 2014	"The Amazing Spider-Man 2" 10 Scale Rating: 7.0 (Good) ... The Good: As expected, the effects were top notch ... but were even above and beyond expectations. Spidey's web-slinging and battle scenes were among the best I have ever seen in a comic book film. The bar has certainly been raised. While he was solid in the first film, Garfield knocked it out of the park in this one as Peter Parker/Spider-Man. Once he became the villainous Electro, Jamie Foxx was excellent. Dane DeHaan and Emma Stone absolutely stole the show though. Stone was charming, witty, and the perfect Gwen Stacy. DeHaan was an amazing balance of victim and aggressor. His back-and-forth from dark to light and back was well done. The Bad: At 2:30 it is too long ... and feels it. There is a stretch in the middle that feels especially long and I can't help but feel that some of it could have been cut from the film. While Spidey typically fights a lot of villains and has a lot going on in the comics, that aspect felt busy here and at times a bit hectic and rushed. Lastly, when Foxx was Max Dillon (pre-Electro change), he was sort of annoying and I couldn't wait for his transformation.BlaKDemonaZ	5	Jan  3, 2015	
Melhor que o primeiro, entretanto ainda não foi dessa vez que vimos todo o potencial do personagem nos cinemas. Quem sabe, um dia, na mão da Disney/Marvel, ai sim teríamos um filme BOM.
ManofAction	6	May  2, 2014	This movie...is not as good as everyone saying it is. The fights with Electro are short. In fact, the fight with Goblin is even shorter! Even though this movie goes deeper into the story on how the villains are being created, and all of the secrets that hidden in the cracks. This movie has little to no action fight scenes with Spider-Man and his foes. The love story part of the movie, between Gwen and Peter, is actually really nice, *SPOILERS* and it sorta makes you sad when Gwen dies. Another thing I MUST complain about is the amount of Trailers and Advertisement for this film! I think I would have loved it a little more if the amount of trailers were cut down to three to four trailers. They showed to much in them. Another problem was that the story seemed like it was cut from one scene to the next in every 5 minutes. It seemed to fast paced for a 2 hour long movie.  Andrew Garfield's acting was a step down from the first, and Dane was EXCELLENT in this film. 6 - 10 for me.alias_xays	10	May  2, 2014	
It's real cool film! 1st part - sux, but thz.....very cool! I advise everyone to watch this kino.Hodil with a girl, she thought that it would be spat.Otorvat the movie was not possible!
StriderKiwi	2	May  2, 2014	Horribly written, bad dialogue that isn't funny, action is scarce, no character is fleshed out, lots of missed potential, directing is weaker than the first Amazing Spiderman movie, really everything is nothing close to as good as it was in the last movie. Only positives are the actors try to make their bad lines work and the special effects were good but neither of those things can make a bad movie good.Rob7309	4	May  2, 2014	It pains me to say that this movie was just meh. There is way too much going on in this movie which lead to characters being underdeveloped and feeling overly long. This movie was way over promoted as well in that there were no exciting scenes that weren't in the trailers. Garfield and Stone were really good again, the visuals were great and I liked the new theme by Hans Zimmer. Better luck next time I guess.MovieCriticSD	5	May  2, 2014	If you are a michael bay movie lover and enjoyed star wars episode one for being the entertaining movies you forget about in a couple of days then you will probably like this film. If however you are looking for good consistent story telling along with good character development this may not be the film for you. Pretty meh overall. The first 22 minutes of the film was done well and so was the last 5 minutes but there was too much going on in the film in the middle with too many subplots and not enough character development for you to truly care about any of the characters except maybe harry osboune played by dane dehaan.warrenworld	3	May  3, 2014	
The events that took place in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are enough to make one question if it was really worth rebooting the Spider-Man series two years ago.
BrianMcCritic	5	May  3, 2014	What a disappointment this film is two different films in one.  The good half starts with Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker/Spiderman, the best Spiderman by far.  It continues with Emma Stone as Gwen Stacey and the chemistry between her and Peter is magic and the best part of this film.  One last positive goes out to Sally Field as Aunt May, she had some real emotional scenes with Peter. Now for the negative's the villains in this film are 90's Batman villains from The Riddler I'm sorry Electro to Mr. Freeze aka Rhino yes Rhino's that bad.  The Green Goblin maybe the best villian, but he suffers from no real character development.  Overall it's strange to say but if I could have gotten two and a half hours of the love story with scenes of Spiderman helping kids that maybe a 9 or 10  but with the pointless villains dragging it down it regretfully gets a 5.  Garfield and Stone deserved better than this.  C+Pazzo7	4	May  2, 2014	I never thought I would ever hate a Spider Man movie.Well,it happened..Generally the movie is overcrowded with stuff.The will they-wont they relationship between Gwen and Peter is annoying because it goes back and forth.They brake up then make up and then brake up and make up again.Peter Parker's parents story is unnecessary.The villains are dull as hell.The scenes generally arent connected.It feels more like a whole bunch of scenes put together without charm and beauty.The action is not exciting at all other than the fact that the Spider Man swinging scenes were really good and cool and made the character more dynamic.This movie was a huge let down.I felt so uncomfortable and instead of dragging me into the story it kept pushing me out of it and made me hate it,a lot cause Sam Raimi's trilogy made me love this superhero and he became my favorite but this is an unnecessary rebooted saga that its not even close to Raimi's pictures.Webb and Sony better make up for this mess.RamonGuerrero	4	May  2, 2014	
The first instalment was pretty solid, but this film, tries so desperately to make us laugh with flat jokes, cry with unexpected deaths, and be on the edge of our seats with lame action sequences; with laughable villains that just try to be popular. But there's still something about The Amazing Spider-Man franchise that can be repair for the next one.
Zohairy	3	May  3, 2014	
Who would've thought; its even worse than the first Amazing Spider-man movie. The only reason this movie was made is for Sony to cash in on the franchise while they've still got it.
barrieo	5	May  3, 2014	
The first movie (TASM) was pretty good but this one  undoes all the good things that the first did. The first two hours are draggy and the remainder picks up just before it ends. There's just too many characters in the middle of everything, unlike The Avengers that managed that very well TASM fails miserably. Skip it, wait for the Blu -Ray,  DVD or Netflix releases.
PandaFromHell05	5	May  2, 2014	I just got home from seeing this movie, and all I could say was, Spiderman 3. It wasn't as bad as Spiderman 3, but it wasn't as good as the first Amazing Spiderman movie. The first 5 minutes were really great, and it got the film off to a good start, and then the middle was just confusing, too much underdeveloped plot development, and then Electro shows up. Then, where was the climax? Then we get two new villains randomly. There wasn't enough action. I'm totally into plot and everything, and it's as important as anything, but real meaningful plot. I wasn't sure what to take from this movie. I hope the next one corrects a lot of this one's flaws. It did make the mistake that Spiderman 3 had, which was too many villains. Stick to one. I will probably be buying this on DVD, but I prefer the first one.potreo	0	May  7, 2014	
Extremely long for this type of movie, overly dramatic, script all over the place.  Good FX though, everything else is just a disaster, boring and not exciting at all. A extremely miscast Jaime Foxx trying (and failing) to be funny.
WhySoSerious54	0	May 16, 2014	
A complete mess with little direction or sense. The characters serve almost no purpose to the overall plot, the dialouge is horrible, and Electro is basically Jim Carrey as the Riddler in Batman forver. Go back and watch this I'm not kidding a complete and utter ripoff. Too much back and forth dialogue with little to no point mixed in with several plot lines that in no way connect.
Unworthy	5	May  2, 2014	This was painful to watch. There's a really forced romance full of teenage angst and a Spiderman lacking the moral sense of Sam Raimi's character, just an obnoxious kid who likes to swing around and tease everyone. I think they overdid it trying to humanize everyone, and it watches more like a sappy soap opera than a comic book movie. It kinda feels like Twilight in spandex, to be honest -- all juvenile and shiny and devoid of substance. Did not like.Franky3121	3	May  2, 2014	This movie was awfully disappointing, the scenes were placed badly,I went into the cinema psyched, because everyone told me it was way better than the first AMazing Spider Man which i thought was terrible. People have mixed opinions, Jaimie Fox didnt match the character and was way too powerful than he shouldve been, Rhino is stupid, and Harry is freakin ridiculous. Toby Mcquire ones are better and more in depth. I'm Sorry Andrew Garfield, but i want my money back.Mazmorrero47	4	May  2, 2014	One of those films that were obviously produced because a group of guys in suits ordered it and not because the filmmakers wanted to make it. Not that The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a terrible movie, it's just not a very good one either. Sony made a terrible mistake showing around half of the film (I'm not exaggerating) in the promotion material, because by the time you see it, the awe factor is pretty much gone. Everything is just a "been there, done that" experience. Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone once more show charming chemistry, but unfortunately for them, they had to work with incredibly corny dialog. Jamie Foxx as Electro is the most unintentionally funny villain since Topher Grace's Venom, and what did they do to Paul Giamatti? He's great actor, but his acting was cringe-worthy here. Not to mention that his character is utterly pointless and expendable. Dane DeHaan is the scene stealer and did a fantastic job, he should have had more screen-time instead of a glorified cameo as Green Goblin (I'm not spoiling anything here since Sony already did that). This reboot has everything it needs to be good, but TASM2 was a step backwards from what was achieved in the first film.MovieGuys	3	May 11, 2014	The first thing I thought when the credits rolled for "The Abysmal Spiderman 2" was, "I paid money to see this?"  This is the worst of the Spiderman movies ever. It is one of the most non-sensical, not cohesive, incoherent, and confusing movies I have seen since I can remember. The whole story was nothing but cliché after cliché after cliché. I give credit to the people involved in this tragedy for piling on the most clichés possible in this movie. And the love story between Peter and Gwen: ugh, I might as well have watched a bad soap opera. The villain in this one, Electro, played by the wonderful Mr. Jamie Foxx, is wasted in this movie and seems like more of an afterthought. How Foxx accepted being in this movie is beyond reason. And who wrote the script? They should never be allowed in Hollywood ever again. This is literally some of the dialogue in the movie, and believe me, there are no spoilers here. "I can't let you do this. It's too dangerous." "Is that all you got?" "Wait, wait! I know my way out." "It's going to be okay" "I will destroy you, Spiderman!" The only thing that I did like in the movie, which is preventing me from giving it a 0, are the slow motion scenes. They are impressive from a technical standpoint, if only they weren't followed by a scene with a (wait for it) cliché!AkashVijay	0	Jan 22, 2015	The Amazing Spiderman 2 faces almost the same problems that it's predecessor faced. The screenplay is weak and the story line lacks structure and consistency. The overlong story is clichéd, crowded with villains and contains some unnecessary subplots forced into it.It doesn't really surpass it's predecessor and considering the recent achievements of the superhero genre in recent years, the Amazing Spiderman 2 is a huge step back. It's not more than just a popcorn flick. It disappointingly fails a whole lot more than it succeeds.JBHiFive	5	May  4, 2014	
woot there is justice in the world. Mostly everyone here sees this movie for the soulless cash in that it is. Though 196 positive user scores... I smell hackery
JamesCannon	6	May  3, 2014	Not as bad as Raimi's spider man 3, but it lacks a certain gravitas maybe??  The script is light and airy, but I felt a lot of lines were kind of cheesy one liners.  No doubt Garefield and Stone can act as well as Jamie Foxx.  But I hate to beat dead horse but these multiple villian plot lines just dont work for a movie like spider man.  I imagine they are just teasing with Rhino and he will be the next one, Why though do we need yet another Harry Osbourne Jr. origin story when it has been featured in the previous installments.  A lot of it just felt stale and when the action wasnt booming the movie comes to a screeching halt.  There are some creative moments and the action is filmed extremely well though.Annoymous1	10	May  9, 2014	
The CGI and SFX in this movie was well executed and gave a excellent taste of whats coming. The action and fight scenes were the best and gave a sense of epicness. This movie was the best spider man by far and one that I'll watch again and again.
Klotz	6	May 15, 2014	
+ Nice action+ Good villaint- Childish humor- Annoying lovestory- Inconsistent storytelling- Logic gaps.........................................
Sergio6	9	May  4, 2014	
The best comic book movie ( not superhero but comic) and the best spidey movie ever. this film feels like reading a comic and the best portrait of peter parker and spider man on screen. the action is top notch and while the plot may be too crowded with some bad editing the cast makes up for it and delivers an awesome and emotional movie.
adamjones	5	Jul 30, 2014	Ugh, yeah I get it.. It follows the comics more strictly.. And yeah it's okaaay.  But look, this Spider-Man 2 is no comparison to the real Spider-Man 2. I don't get all the love with these two latest versions.  Marc Webb has basically created a Teen Nick Spider-Man.  I understand if people don't like Tobey Maguire's face or whatever the excuse is, but this is just incomparable. 5/10 because of the consistency with the comic book storylineCompi24	6	May  4, 2014	
Its leads, set pieces, and score may be incredibly promising, but due to a handful of sharply flawed character choices, an unbearably cluttered narrative, and some general lunacy interspersed throughout, "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" neither undershoots nor exceeds the film's acceptable predecessor.
kaizidokiller	5	May  3, 2014	I liked the performances of the cast. Andrew Garfield is a great Spider-Man with his smart-talks and comic moments and a more human Peter Parker than the first film (if overly sentimental). Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy has even bigger moments in this film than the previous. Dane DeHaan almost steals the show as Harry Osborne and Jamie Foxx is excellent (I don't know why people would think he's a miscast before). The CGI set-pieces were fun to watch and I liked how Marc Webb tries to be more dramatically demanding, like Raimi's Spider-Man. I appreciate action movies with more narrative than action sequences or set-pieces (like this movie) but with all that said though, I'm surprised people actually like this movie. The critics are right about this movie, the storytelling is bad. It's unfocused and crams too many subplots, too many characters and too many villains. This is the problem with Spider-Man 3 (everyone hated that movie) and it's a bigger problem here but because it's not Raimi, Webb gets a free pass as the loyalty of fanboys prevent them from seeing and agreeing (bowing down to mediocrity for the sake of fanboying the franchise). There's more Peter Parker than there is Spider-Man, and that's okay but there's too many plot points. It jumps back and forth between his relationship with Gwen, his relationship with Harry and the origins of his parents. I liked the chemistry between Garfield and Stone but the painfully cheesy dialogues makes their relationship look like Twilight. Everyone hated that movie also but because it's Spider-Man, it to gets a free pass. Superhero's love interest are always subplots and they made his love interest the main plot pretty much, which is fine if it wasn't all cliche and Twilight. His relationship with Harry feels forced, right from the moment Harry mentioned Peter's braces and Peter mentioned him blow-drying and combing his hair all the time or something like that. The origin of his Peter's parents has nothing to do with the story at all, it doesn't move the plot along. After Peter finds the video of his dad, it seems like Peter forgets everything about his parents after that, it becomes irrelevant in the film. They just resolved the origins of his parents for the sake of it, because his parents left him at the beginning of the first film and we don't know why but I couldn't care less. How do you cram three villains into one film without being overcrowded? By barely featuring any of them in the film. Rhino only has four minutes on-screen time. There's no character arc and it's completely pointless. If that's their way of introducing him for the second sequel, they should've introduced him in the second sequel. The Rhino that you see in the trailer is all that you'll see from him in the film. And the boy standing in front of him trying to be Spider-Man, what a **** embarrassment. When you see Spider-Man swinging the manhole cover at Rhino, that's the beginning of the fight and the end of the movie. I wanted to see a fight sequence before but the movie bored the **** out of me so I couldn't care less. There's more Harry Osborne than Green Goblin and the Green Goblin was just a set-up to Gwen Stacy's death. It's a bit contrived but emotional and heartbreaking overall. Still, I can't help but feel like Green Goblin is another wasted villain. Max Dillon is a character I felt sympathy for; he's lonely, socially awkward and under-appreciated. Max Dillon could've been a great character, had they not throw it away as soon as he becomes Electro. If they want to make Max/Dillon an unsympathetic character but make him relatable in the beginning, they should do it slowly. Make him less and less unsympathetic as the movie moves along and with a running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes, they could do that if they didn't try and squeeze multiple story arcs into a single film. Abruptly shifting him into a villain (just when I started to like the character, probably more so than Peter Parker) is not how you develop character. There are a few comic moments in the film but most of it falls flat and I don't understand why Harry is dying of an illness (that is hereditary) at a young age when his dad survived until his 60s. I suppose the filmmakers were hoping that no one in the audience would notice the major plot hole and couldn't come up with another way to set-up the whole character. TASM2 tries to be different from all the superhero movies by putting more focus on the narrative, which is fine but it fails in that level. It just drags on-and-on with the story and I was hoping the set-pieces would make up for it but there's not enough of it due to the lack of balance. The performances, set-pieces and direction saves this film from being a complete disaster but as a Spider-Man fan, I was hugely disappointed and letdown by this film. This is worse than Spider-Man 3, at least it's not cheesy and I can tolerate with "emo" Spider. This is painfully and disappointingly average!tyrell	3	May  4, 2014	I can't say I enjoyed this film. I had many issues with it. The primary issue is poor story telling. The writers really displayed the common issues with a lot of action films designed by comities. They have plot points to hit and the story in between these points suffers, taking away from them when they are finally revealed. I can imagine that connecting them all can be difficult, but that’s what sets good writers apart from the others. It is not hard to see that Sony really had their hands in this movie (IE: soundtrack, advertising, contractually obligated post credit scene) so I would assume they had a lot of control over the story as well. The film especially drags during the Peter Parker / Gwen Stacey scenes in which the chemistry and humor these two characters shared in the last film is gone; to be replaced by long and drawn out obvious dialog. The plot conveniences were astonishingly dumb (IE: Gwen is a scientist, therefore she understands how to bring up the backup systems at a power station on her own). The character design for the Green Goblin is something out of the Masters of the Universe film in the 80’s; once again another wasted character iteration for the Green Goblin. One would think with 50+ years of character history that Sony’s staff would be able to pick out a costume design fitting of the character…but no. Also, Electro’s character shares many similarities to the terrible adaptation of the Riddler in Batman Forever. The issue is really that the villains all feel like pawns, robbing them of their individuality and their importance in the Spider-man cannon. As for the mysterious sub plot involving Peter’s father and the shadowed puppet master), it continues on and it is still flat and uninteresting. This film feels like a prelude to something better or a means to a mediocre end. On the positive side, I will say that the action scenes were well done and that the special effects were stunning. However, if you are looking for a good comic book adaptation right now, go see Captain America, or see it again.criti	3	May  2, 2014	I did not like the movie because it has many villains and little explanation for these villains, that way the movie turned into a sea of ​​things without explanation, in my opinion the movie should have had at least one or two villains to have a good time movie and sufficient time for the villains, because this film does not have a cool time villains, ums appear very little, and others appear to have been good this film it had to be at least 6 hours of film to have a good time and villains explain the whole story of villains and plot.hollyv	6	May  3, 2014	
Every Spiderman movie contains one super villain too many. But the delightful chemistry between Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone makes this otherwise kind of aimless story an okay watch.
emirbud	0	Aug  3, 2014	Another disaster in the world of superhero movies.Terrible, awful, extremely bad. Do not believe any of the 656 positive reviews. People who wrote those are either very dumb or they work for Sony or whoever else profits from this piece of excrement. I love Sony, but I used to love them a whole lot more before I saw this. If it's not too late, like it is for me, do not watch. Not in the cinema, not at home, not anywhere, not ever. However you look at life, it is far too precious to waste two hours of it on this film. For specifics, read the other red reviews. There's plenty there.Mattyice	4	May  3, 2014	The Amazing Spider-man 2, while not a great movie, manages to be better than, in my opinion, its boring predecessor. Garfield, Stone, and DeHann are great in this film and Garfield feels more like Spider-man from the comics (funny and cool). However, I wasn't pleased by Foxx's and Giamatti's (brief) performance. As good as DeHann's acting was, all three villains felt bland and watered down, especially Electro, who in the first half of the film got me hyped to see him. In addition, the story was tedious and boring. Captain America: The Winter Soldier perfected the plot and dialogue based superhero story, but The Amazing Spider-man 2 tries and fails to do the same.himynameisart	6	May  2, 2014	People keep saying these movies follow the comic books more you sure?!?!Isn't Norman Osborn the Green Goblin not harry?, I Don't Recall The Osborn's having a hereditary disease that kills them?!? The rhino isn't a guy in a freaking robot! he has no use for missile and guns! what the hell?! Max Dillon never turned into Electro due to electric eels?! SO MANY ERRORS, SO MANY INCONSISTENCIES! Did i have fun with this movie yeah more or less, i enjoyed it, i did, but does that make it a GREAT film no, its not. not remotely close to great for example Captain America 2 was great it was AMAZING, this new spider-man flick was not! I'm not hating or trying to standout, but as a spider-man fan from the early 90's this is just my honest opinion. I thought i would hate Harry Osborn's character but to my surprise i liked him! I'll go as far as saying that Harry Osborne was my favorite character in the movie, he wasn't perfect but i enjoyed the character (the green goblin on the other hand felt like venom I'm just glad they didn't kill him off and hopefully they can improve him). Electro was also enjoyable (i can't say anything bad really). The action scenes were OK, sometimes just too much CGI, a thing i liked about the original trilogy is that they actually used practical sets and not everything was behind a green screen. I also liked the new suit better it looks classic, the one from the 1st Amazing Spider-man was terrible it looked like a yoga Mat. The romance sub plot between peter and Gwen was OK sometimes it was too much (we wanna see Spider-man more!), but yeah. I will say that i was surprised Gwen died, i never saw that coming, (yes i know she dies in the comics) but i never thought they'd pull the trigger on screen. The movie also felt too forced with the comedy trying too hard to be funny, maybe I'm just a hard person to make laugh but i laughed like twice and in some of those times i think i wasn't supposed to laugh. Another thing that was stupid was promoting rhino in the trailers and posters when he was given 2 minutes of screen time that is false advertising! Such a disappointment. OVERALL this movie is just a cheesy, action popcorn flick with some funny moments, i enjoyed it fr what it was although the plot was messy, the pace was all over the place and compared to many great superhero sequels, (The Dark Knight, Spider-man 2, X2, Captain America The Winter Soldier) This movie just doesn't hold up against them, I'm also not sure if this movie was better than the 1st, maybe they're about the same. I will say that the Original 2 were better, sorry but they were. The Fact that Andrew Garfield makes a more handsome spidey is a stupid ass excuse. My grade is a 6.5 to a 7. Enjoyable just won't be too memorable besides Gwen death, Really Looking forward to 3, i feel like that movie will be the GREAT ONE! (on a side note the soundtrack was good too).Elite_Flibble	10	May  6, 2014	The roles of Spider-Man and Gwen Stacy are fantastically played by Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone bring enthusiasm and charisma to the character. Not to mention the chemistry they share but, they depict the tragic story that Webb has magnificently written. During the story, a large variety of spectacular special effects is shown in awesome slow motion and freeze time animation.Defiantly my favourite film and well worth a watch. To get the most of the films potential, I recommend viewing the film in IMAX 3-D. The special effects really come to life!jiunguyenphuc	10	May  7, 2014	
While i watch the trailer i really waiting for this movie, when this movie came out, i really love this movie, the story is so fantastic, although the action are less but awesome...I don't care about another review rate not good but with a Marvel fan, it's a movie for you
HealingToolbox	10	May 10, 2014	Short version:  AS 2 is MOST FUN of the five Spiderman movies so far.  It’s also the most tragic.  This is poetic plotting and scripting and lyrical execution, a world-class effort.Close observers of mainstream movie reviews verses poetic and spiritual quality will know some movies often so exceed the poetic imagination of corporate reviewers that amazing movies frequently get low scores.  Amazing Spiderman 2 is only the latest trashing of robust and lyrical plotting and imagery. The classic example of poor review scores for amazing and uplifting movies is Cameron's Titanic.  Please recall how the majority of Steven Spielberg's movies got poor, middling or very divided reviews including Schindler's list and E.T. This pattern is most pronounced as regards "spiritual movies."  If I recall correctly, only Field of Dreams escaped the generally trashing most uplifting movies receive.  This happened most recently with both Oblivion (terrible and misleading title) and Cloud Atlas (terrible and misleading title).  Let's also champion Michael Bay's Island (terrible, misleading title) also. In my book AS 2 rates as a rare movie that rises to the impact on me of the best of the summer blockbusters of the 1980s, like Total Recall.  AS 2 is a better movie than Total Recall, either version.keyhole	2	May  2, 2014	one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my lifein last 11 months I have seen 138 movies that I have never seen and about 20+ already seen so yeah I think I know what I'm talking about1 part wasn't bad I knew in 1 part will be a lot of dialogues etc. because they have to show again whole Peter Parker story but when I seen trailers of the second part I thought whole movie will be full of action like Man of Steel because in trailers they showed 3 villians of Spider-Man but the truth isin movie there are 2 fights with Electro and 2 with Rhino and 1 fight with Goblinfights wasn't longer maybe than 3 minutes so whole movie was packed in boring dialoguesand I don't know for who that movie really was. Maybe for 8 years old girl or ok maybe for 11 years old girlthere was a lot of romantic boring sh*t nothing for Man! I really enjoyed Electro character Jamie Foxx did fantastic work and effects of movie was cool like some camera **** etc. but I had poker face while watching fights after 1 hour watching because I had  already enough this movie and I was bored as fu*kI count 6 times when I wanted to get out from the cinema but I was with family so I don't had really choice I could say :P NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE sorry. I wasted only free day and money :/Patrick94	0	Oct  8, 2014	
One of the worst superhero films of all time. Maybe 25% of the movie is dedicated to any interaction between Spidey and the villains in the film. The rest of the movie is just one huge drama fest that comes across as a glorified episode of Days of our lives.  I'm not going anywhere near Amazing Spider-man 3 if Marc Webb is directing it. He has no clue how to direct a superhero film.
homerbaldman	3	May  2, 2014	People, people, you have eyes but cannot see. You have tongues but have no taste. There is such a qualitative difference between the first two Spider-Mans & the first two Amazing Spider-Mans that Daredevil could see. For one thing I wasn't quite sure after the first one but I'm positive now: I don't care much for Andrew Garfield as the webslinger. He's a great actor when he's getting screwed out of billions but give me Tobey any day. My spidey-sense did tingle a bit when I saw they were turning the Rhino into a robot. I was pissed. All these years I've seen the Rhino in his super-tough rhino skin and I was really curious how they were going to pull that off. Easy, with a gaudy, mechanical suit that shoots bullets, yes bullets. Finally, we get to see a bad guy firing bullets at the hero. That's using your imagination.Vejita	6	May  3, 2014	Had a nice trailer...Buuut...Too much crying in the movie. Emma Stone is nice...buuut not as Gwen Stacy. I love the action scenes, with Electro, they were truly "Amazing". In addition, I would like to see more of Green Goblin / Harry Osborn in the movie, he looked extremely nice as a villain. Special effects are getting better every day, but in this movie, they are mixed with boring and dramatic scenes. I went to the cinema, to watch a superhero movie, and one-half of it was truly that way. Therefore, the score is 6 out of 10, +1 point is for the fact that I love Spider-man franchise. In addition, I would say: go and watch this movie, if you like Spidey, but be ready to see all of the crying stuff. P.S.: Even my girlfriend said, it was too boring for her, and I had to convince her to stay and see the end of this movie. Buy the way, we both liked, how it ended =)TheQuietGamer	9	May  9, 2014	Spider-Man is back in what may be the biggest superhero movie ever as far as content goes. Director Marc Webb packs a plethora of plot-lines into the movie, yet thankfully manages to keep everything straight. From Parker's personal relationship turmoils, to super villain battles, revelations into the past of Peter's parents, and even setting up events and characters for future movies, there's a lot going on here. There are times when it seems like maybe Webb would have been better off leaving some of these plot lines behind in order to full flesh out some others, but overall I think it turned out excellent in the end. Spider-Man fans are in for a real treat, and the future of this series looks bright. It's not the best Spider-Man movie, but it's still one fantastic one. Admittedly the shear amount of content and plot threads shoved into this movie are going to be off-putting to some, but I for one was most assuredly entertained. That's why I highly recommend the movie, and why my total score for the movie is a 9.5/10=Amazing.grandpajoe6191	4	Aug 27, 2015	
"The Amazing Spider-Man 2" fails from what its predecessor had succeeded in; a butt-load of new characters, a overly complicated plot, and some pathetic moments thanks to a pitiful script really lets down a movie that could have been better.
LJHayes	7	Sep 18, 2014	This is a great super hero movie. I love Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker, he is great at it and the development of his character is fantastic. The story was good if a little bloated, the action sequences were awesome and the soundtrack is outstanding. There's a good balance between drama, action and humour that fits the character of Spider Man perfectly. Jamie Foxx does a great job of Electro, I love what they did with that character in this film. Dane DeHaan puts in a very convincing performance of a scared, angry young guy slowly becoming more and more unhinged throughout the course of the film. His performance is almost hypnotic. As for the final villain, Rhino, there's nothing to say because he's barely in it. Don't let the trailers and posters fool you, Rhino has nothing to do with 99% of this film. He was thrown in there for the one and only purpose of promotion so if you saw any of the three hundred trailers that were released for this film then you have seen every scene he is involved in.Other than that shameless piece of sly marketing this film is great. Can't wait for the future films of the franchise.dharma	7	May 24, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is one of those films that almost fall over its own weight. Its a case where the Studio were so anxious that it almost derails the whole film. Three villains..so many plot points to deliver to lead into the 'bigger' Spider-Man 'universe', and basically storylines for essentially two films were crammed into one single film. It could have been a disaster if only for one thing...Andrew Garfield is a great Spider-Man / Peter Parker.  This is the character envisioned in the comic book, more faithful that Tobey Macguire's interpretation. As Spider-Man, he is sarcastic, talkative and funny. As Peter Parker, he is filled with angst at his constant personal problems. Those little emotional moments, be it with Aunt May and Gwen Stacy, or with his other New Yorkers, big and small, are the highlights of this flick, and its saving grace.GreatMartin	3	May  2, 2014	Batman is a man and Superman is a man but as portrayed by Andrew Garfield in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" he is more of a boy who could be graduationg from from high school instead of collage. Emma Stone, younger than Garfield in real life, looks and acts more mature and is certainly prettier than Garfield!There are a few villains in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2", one or two too many, just as there are too much of everything from web flying to electric charges via Jamie Foxx as Electro to a high police car count of crashes and shootings..As any super hero movie these days special effects are over done as is glass breaking and the running time.Just cutting back all the hugs Dane DeHaan gives Garfield would shorten the movie.Also we are all of a sudden in the world of Transformers with Paul Giamatti as a mechanical rhino!This is not one of the better super hero movies and at 2 hours and 22 minutes is way too longcatcarlo	6	May  6, 2014	Mentre sullo sfondo già si profilano gli episodi tre e quattro, la seconda puntata della nuova serie dedicata all’Uomo Ragno si mantiene sulle coordinate del capitolo che aveva dato inizio di nuovo alla storia rafforzandone (troppo?) le caratteristiche per un risultato con qualche chiaroscuro che sarebbe stato meglio evitare: l’intrattenimento è assicurato, ma la qualità complessiva è lontana dai migliori Spider-man. I personaggi restano degli adolescenti – per la precisione dei diciottenni, così che per interpretare Peter, Gwen e uno dei ‘cattivi’, Harry/il Goblin, gli attori sono costretti a togliersi almeno una decina d’anni - mentre la sceneggiatura (firmata a sei mani da Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci e Jeff Pinker) si sofferma a lungo sugli aspetti psicologici, specie quelli del protagonista principale, faticando però ad amalgamarli con una parte d’azione che finisce quasi in secondo piano. L’attenzione è concentrata soprattutto sul rapporto tra Peter e Gwen, ovvero sui tormenti di lui che si ritrova costretto a scegliere tra la missione di supereroe e l’amore: il tempo per fare tutto non c’è – il tema del tempo riemerge spesso, partendo dal discorso della ragazza alla cerimonia del diploma per culminare nei meccanismi dell’orologio in cui si svolge una delle scene chiave – e il giovanotto si strugge nello stabilire dove prendere prima. Una decisione complicata anche dal moltiplicarsi di sottotrame che danno qua e là l’impressione di non essere sfruttate appieno: mentre l’apparentemente ritrovato rapporto con l’amico Harry non presta il fianco a critiche di sorta, le ricerche sulla scomparsa dei genitori valorizzano poco la bella idea della Roosvelt Station e la ‘nascita’ di Electro, oltre a presentare poco di nuovo, è minata, nel prosieguo dalla caricaturale figura del dotto Kafka. Il che porta dritti alla constatazione che i momenti migliori siano quelli che narrano l’amore tra i due giovani e la combinazione che ne deriva fatta da profonda attrazione, doveri morali e voglia d’indipendenza. Insomma, dopo il prologo avventuroso la riflessione prevale sull’azione per un centinaio di minuti buoni, ma questo non vuol dire che ci si annoi perché la storia è ben costruita, con il contrappunto dalle infinite chiacchiere nonchè battute del protagonista, così che il tempo passa senza che lo spettatore se ne accorga: è anzi la resa dei conti, casomai, a perdere qualche colpo forse anche perché è in versione depurata per evitare di incappare nelle maglie della censura. Ridotti sono pure i voli tra i grattacieli, anche se la skyline di New York consente comunque di costruire inquadrature che sfruttano appieno il grande schermo (la fotografia è di Dan Mindel): alternando gli spazi a un efficace lavoro sui primi piani: nel complesso, la regia di Webb non inventa nulla, ma risulta peraltro funzionale a quello che deve raccontare. Coerente alle scelte stilistiche è anche la colonna sonora meno roboante del solito di Hans Zimmer che, nelle parti in cui non imperversa il pieno d’orchestra, si avvale della collaborazione di Johnny Marr e Pharrell Williams. Infine, gli interpreti seguono il destino dei loro personaggi: se Garfield e Stone confermano la sintonia e la bravura già notate nella prima puntata mentre Sally Field è di nuovo una zia May di notevole misura malgrado il poco tempo a disposizione, nei panni degli avversari dell’eroe Dane DeHaan ha qualche spazio in più come Harry prima di diventare il Goblin ma, per il resto, si nota di più la divertita comparsata di Paul Giamatti nei panni di un criminale russo di quanto non faccia Jamie Foxx che, nei panni Electro, è decisamente sprecato a parte un paio di scene quando è ancora Max Dillon.NikoZguri1997	7	Jun  6, 2014	so i sat down and watched "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" and honestly: it was pretty decent, i really enjoyed it . by all means, it's not a perfect sequel but i still really liked it and it's a pretty good start of the summer movie season. in this one, Peter Parker gets to deal with Electro and a bunch of other villains to save New York again. and i gotta say, it was pretty damn awesome! Marc Webb really knows how to make action work, and i solute him for that. the action in this movie's top notch and the fight scenes are bad ass with jaw-dropping special effects that make you wanna go "Awesome!". and once again, Andrew Garfield's awesome as Spidey. but does this movie have its problems? yea, it does. like the first movie, (in the reboot franchise) The Amazing Spider Man 2 doesn't have a good narrative. it feels really crowded and unfocused, like some of the characters don't get enough screen time. and this movie has the same problem that "Spider Man 3" had: it has way too many characters. now, usually that's pretty awesome, but here Marc Webb fails at handling them right, cause they're not developed that much. also, there are a few scenes in the trailer that aren't in the movie, and that kind irritated me a little. but, despite its flaws and let downs, i can't deny that i had a great time watching The Amazing Spider Man 2. it was awesome, it was kick ass, it was well-acted and the effects are mind blowing! so let's see how the next chapter's gonna be like.NightReviews	5	May  5, 2014	If the new Spider-Man could represent one thing, it would be hope; hope that Sony can deliver as Disney and Paramount Pictures have with its Marvel mammoth The Avengers cannon; hope that their reboot is a successful and advancing platform towards a very large and lucratively sinister franchise future; and hope that will restore faith in the amazingness in its highly popular comic book wall-crawling character after a trilogy not too long ago. Spider-Man is undoubtedly a symbol of hope; a beacon of goodness; an ideal for morality. Growing up, Spider-Man was and continues to be one of my favourite comic book characters. Riding on emotion and sentiment, the web head is a fictional comic book character written as imperfectly as you and me. Making his fifth entry on the big screen in just twelve years in Marc Webb’s second installment of the Amazing Spider-Man series, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is less amazing and more routine. At times, the film shines as a gemstone indie love story similar to Webb’s Sundance breakout hit 500 Days of Summer, then, just seconds later, becomes a highly explosive and cartoonish PG suitable Transformers imitation. The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is as confused a film as its lead human character Peter Parker, taking too many liberties with his story yet trying to stay true to the comic book character Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created over fifty years ago. Thankfully, actor Andrew Garfield suits up again and holds the emotional scenes of the film together as the wise-cracking identity confused teenager, nailing every subtle and bold Peter Parker nuance while facing off against many obstacles and three very pissed off villains in what has been marketed as ‘his greatest battle yet’. With the exception of Sam Raimi’s Spider-Man 3, the last of Raimi’s trilogy with the character and a total train wreck, the films seem to be making a slow but steady decline in narrative, quality filmmaking and heart–and the same could be said with The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Rebooting the series in 2012 for the sole purpose of making great use of movie theatres current obsession of 3D and applying it to Spidey’s first person metropolitan web-swinging, the point-of-view filming approach makes up for mere minutes of the film, usually focusing on the tormented personality of Peter Parker and the difficult choices he needs to make, as both a man and a hero, which was already visited in the first trilogy. Not that we are expecting a film to be made in the same way as the disastrous POV bomb Doom, but if the studio did decide to revisit a highly successful series only years after the first one was complete, at least make it worth while for the audience to drop the $20 for admission. In the first Amazing Spider-Man film, Webb’s narrative felt like a familiar story of Peter Parker with a new villain. Thankfully, the series was able to pick up massive talent with a director who flourishes in his ability to flesh out the fine chemistry between his actors as seen with 500 Days of Summer and is able to create highly emotional, gut-wrenching bonds between lovers, friends, allies and enemies. With the talented Mr.Webb behind the lens, the Amazing franchise brought Peter Parker more vividly to life with the passionate and caring Andrew Garfield, who proved on many occasions how humbled and dedicated he was highlighting a side of Peter Parker in a way that Tobey Maguire never could. His interactions with his aunt and love interests Gwen are the best scenes in the film, hands down. Kudos to Ms. Emma Stone, who brings Peter Parker’s first love Gwen Stacy to life with pizzazz and spunk for a second time and finally rids herself of all the Emma Stone nuances that made her performance distracting in the first film. Picking up exactly where the last film left off in terms of secrets and mysteries, the film opens up to a flashback of Peter Parker’s parent’s disappearance. Richard and Mary Parker (Campbell Scott and Embeth Davidtz) leave New York and their son behind after double-crossing Oscorp. Flash forward nearly two decades and their son is saving the big apple in his blue and red spandex suit, one fallen fruit at a time. One of the most interesting mythos behind Spider-Man is his bond with humanity and his internal struggle. Spider-Man is cocky and comical throughout the film, usually minimizing the severity of the action and violence going on around him. Meanwhile, Peter Parker is a highly emotional and tragic character whose curse lays in his inability to distance himself from the people he loves the most. Spider-Man narratives have always been about making choices, choosing paths and learning from one’s mistakes. Almost all the comic book characters getting the big screen treatment have been adapting what I like to call The Dark Knight formula; a formula that allows its characters to somewhat be rooted in reality, adding a drizzle of grittiness.sanyrub	9	May  7, 2014	The best comic book film since The Dark Knight trilogy brings us an unforgettable experience which can only be described as a roller coaster. Firstly, what I think it´s the most important thing is that the film has a HEART, which is very rare to see in most Marvel movies (thanks Sony and thanks Spider-man). The emotional content is strong and ends giving us a climax that is one of the most impacting scenes in comic book films history, it is truly memorable in fact. The cast has to be the best in a comic book film ever, with Andrew Garfield showing he is the best for this role once more, Emma Stone stealing the show as a very strong female character (Gwen Stacy), Dane Dehaan (probably the best young actor along with Andrew in Hollywood right now) and Shally Field. The chemistry between them is crazy. Then there´s the stunning visuals, the film is so bright and colorful. One of the show stopping moments comes thanks to Electro in Times Square, ridiculously fun. I found the score to be great too (something Marvel movies usually lack). Hans Zimmer is a genius, so no surprise there. In addition to all of this film gives as some closure when it comes to Peter Parker´s parents in a very tense opening scene and later on too. The problem some people seem to have is that there are many things going on, and I understand that argument, but at the same time it did not bother me at all. The film could have been longer and I´d have been fine with it. All in all, amazing blockbuster, go see it guys. I am glad it is being the most successful film of the year so far worldwide.SpiderPlayer	6	May 17, 2015	
Good film, stunning special effects, the relationship between Gwen Stacy and Peter Parker is great, but the film has some script failures, and does not show many responsibilities and consequences of Spider Man, and the villains are also not very interesting.
lebk2440	7	May 27, 2014	Very good spider-man movie again. Special FX are well done and the story is again very entertaining.The only weak spot I would find is the build up of the Goblin: A bit to fast to my liking. To see immediately.DrakeBristow	8	May 28, 2014	Not quite sure why this received a low review from the critics, but with Jamie Foxx's portrayal of Electro I really throughly enjoyed this movie, it was a nice blend of action and story... Its to me much better than the first... I think maybe the issue is that so many villains were featured in one film that maybe some characters felt underdeveloped. But it doesn't take away too much from the story. Go see this movie!makumos	2	May 29, 2014	
Just horrible, every single thing of this movie makes no sense, there's too many things happening, too many sub-plots, there's no motivation for the villains. Just horrible, save your time and go watch the Raimi's films.
kurtmor	5	Jun  3, 2014	I thought this movie was very good but also very stupid. The villains worked OK but the development was horrible and there were some ridiculous moments that you really have to bear with especially at the end. (does spider man NOT  know CPR?) I found it difficult to determine weather I really liked this movie or didn't like it. There are definitely places they could have done a much better job such as developing the villains which I mentioned earlier.Tomle1202	5	May 25, 2016	
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 fills itself with awesome action, humor and forgettable villains that are way more bland than the inconsistent titular hero himself.
falconfilms	9	Jun 15, 2014	This movie is amazing. Spine chillingly creepy and startling, it is a prime example of the technology we have access to nowadays. The characters are well constructed and the plot is sturdy, yet it still surprises you now and again. I mean, who could predict that Gwen would… die?!?! The visuals are incredible, and the combination of electric music and lightning when Electro makes his first appearance is incredible, plus the creepy murmuring and whispering that seems to be Max's (Electro's) conscience. Peter also seemed quite real, dealing with real life problems, and not just villains. I would recommend this to anyone who is ready to be amazed.ArkhamCrusader	10	Jun 20, 2014	This movie has everything to be, actually, the best Spider-Man movie yet.Unfortunately, it isn't.Well, I really enjoyed the first Amazing Spider-Man movie, so I thought that this sequel would be better, but I was wrong.This movie is really enjoyable, so, all these people who have children will enjoy it with them, but this movie has a lot of problems.First, the script, which was made by 4 writers, so the movie is a complete disaster,in some parts, the movie becomes boring.The film is saved by Peter-Gwen relationship, and a huge Harry Osborn, who is spectacular as the Green Goblin despite that he just appears 10 minutes, but I'm not convinced with his design, very attached to Heath Ledger's Joker.The worst of the film, plus its script, witch covers many stories, is Electro, despite his wonderful special effects. A highly recommended film, which has the best Spider-man to date, but it is not the best Spider-man movie,and it is not  a film that should be taken very seriouslyReubenM	5	Jun 22, 2014	I am a big fan of superhero films and I felt The Amazing Spiderman was a decent reboot so I was looking forward to the sequel.The trailer made it look brilliant but when I watched the film I became a little sceptical. The script was good and the CGI was mesmerizing. Jamie Foxx did a good job of getting the audience to empathize with Max Dillon a social outcast. Furthermore Dane DeHaan was brilliant as Harry Osborne. But there were negatives. I felt that for a superhero film the key thing it lacked that every superhero film has is action. There were barely any fight scenes between Spiderman and the villains. Leading on from that point I have to say that in the first film I really got into the Peter/Gwen relationship but in this film I didn't connect with it at all and when it came to her death scene I was actually rooting for her to die, I feel that there was to much focus on this relationship and so it became boring.I felt that despite Dane DeHaan's great performance there wasn't enough of the Green Goblin. he is one of Spidermans greatest villains and he barely got five minutes also I was looking forward to seeing Rhino and he got even less time. Overall the acting and the script were good but the story didn't give off the superhero vibe as there was a lack of focus on the villains but still a decent film.jacob4	8	May 25, 2015	An awesome Spider-Man movie that wasn't as good as the first one but better than Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 3. They did a decent enough job reimagining iconic Spider-Man villains and taking them to a whole new level. Like The Rhino who they made into a Russian mobster at the beginning of the movie and doesn't show up again until the very end of the movie wearing an awesome metal Rhino mech-suit complete with machine guns, rocket launchers, a metal horn, and can even run on all fours like a real rhino can. The rebooted Green Goblin they made a wee bit creepier and comedic, but whiny and emo before he becomes the Green Goblin, but hey at least they made his military Goblin suit and glider look cool. And Electro the villain who was for some reason played by a nerdy and quirky Jamie Foxx when he was Max Dillon before they made him electric blue and gave him a distorted voice. And they completely came up with a different origin of how he Max Dillon became Electro: get electrocuted by a cable then falling into a tank where he is bitten by electric eels then the tank explodes! Making him a dead body that comes back to life! but hey least they gave him an awesome dub step theme which was the result of Hans Zimmer meets dub step. And who could forget the cute couple of Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy played by Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone who still make a cute couple in real life, after all they are "partners". So get ready for a Spider-Man movie that foreshadows and gives you Easter eggs hints of the Sinister Six and bring to life one of the most shocking and iconic moments in comic book history: Gwen Stacy death! So for all those Spider-Man nerds and fans out there here's a movie that will get you excited for the Sinister Six spin-off and The Amazing Spider-man 3 which probably doesn't come out in three or four years because of the Sinister Six spin-off and also the Venom spin-off. Let's just hope that these future Spider-Man movies are better than The Amazing Spider-Man 1 and 2 combined.RoraEst	10	Jul  1, 2014	The most romantic spiderman movie ever since that upside-down kiss Tobey/Kirsten and dancing on the kitchen James/Kirsten. Emma Stone was so perfect be Gwen Stacy. And, the whole movie looks like an indie drama movie. I love how the soundtracks were just match with the action scenes, while I felt those soundtracks for love songs. The whole villain assembles also powerful. I wonder who's going to be Mary Jane? Next Amazing Spiderman movies? #SOLD!madik	8	Jul  2, 2014	This movie was definitely something I would watch again for the fourth time. Marc Webb really knows how to strike a nerve when Gwen Stacy died. The scene itself was really sad, and the worst part of it was the fact that Spider-Man ALMOST saved her. I mean, his web was shaped liked a hand, like he was reaching for her himself, but in the end, it all ended up with her picture in the sky and the sound of a cannon. I loved Electro in the movie, Jamie Foxx really gets Max Dillon's character.  I wish that he didn't die , because he was GOD-LIKE. Also, there was so many other things going on in the movie, I had trouble.  My experience was kind of like when Spider-Man was catching the tubes in the beginning. Oh, here's Aunt May, oh now Gwen Stacy and now here's a vision of her dead father, now here's the Rhino. I bet there were people there that were just there because the Rhino was in it and walked out of the theater wanting to punch a wall. Also, there was the whole Harry Osborne thing with his dad, which I think was wasted talent since Norman died right away. I bet if you went to the bathroom at the right time, you would miss the entire thing. I did like the fact that it was a comic book movie, although the last one tried for a more realistic approach, and this movie did kind of keep that, but not too much. One of the biggest pluses of this movie though was the relationship between Peter and Gwen. They are dating in real life so it is kind of cool to reflect their relationship to the Peter and Gwen relationship since most of the filming between them was improvised.Aside from the ten million things going on, this movie is pretty spot on.NotoriousFraud	4	Aug 31, 2014	The critics are not far off with this movie. The sequel to the reboot "The Amazing Spider-Man" is a messy film. The script is all over the place, and we are introduced to characters who we are supposed to sympathize with but they are never given the screen time or development to grow, Andrew Garfield is a "meh" Peter Parker, and as the story progresses it gets more predictable and many dumb scenes later all the excitement just turns to bore and you just want it to end.pacifier666	6	Sep  1, 2014	This Movie did not entirely go along its title so no it wasn't absolutely amazing so to say. I respect how they are trying to differ from the original trilogy by not remaking the same movie thrice, But this is extremely weak especially the villain how they underplayed electro and though green goblin comes towards the end he is not enough of saving grace.The scene which is exactly borrowed from the comics involving gwen's death was great.Apart from that i have said it before and ill say it again ANDREW GARFIELD is Awesome as spidermanTarby	4	Jul 26, 2014	Long time fan of Spider-man, as a kid I only bought Spider-man, Transformers and Mask comics. I enjoyed the three Raimi films, third one perhaps not so much. I'm not quite why there's all these high scores for this film? I'm all for everyone having their own opinions and so on, but this film is a turkey. I've given it a 4 for some great special effects, however the rest of the film has issues. The script is horrible, I can't take to Garfield as Peter Parker I actually find his Peter to be irritating. The story is all so inconsistent too, he saves Jamie Foxx's character but not the driver of the taxi or the drivers of the vehicles being hit, crushed or destroyed. We're only in in the first what ten minutes here. The pacing is way off, I actually turned it off just after Harry's change as I was so bored. It felt like I'd been watching for hours, my wife even went to bed about 30 minutes in. Actually I haven't wrote a review of the first "Amazing Spider-man" but if I did I would repeat myself quite a bit! Must do better, really need to get all Marvel characters back under one movie making roof.Mrmoviegoer13	1	Aug 13, 2014	Once there was a great superhero named Spider-Man. In 2002 he got his first taste of the big screen with Sam Raimi and Sony Pictures Entertainment working together to create one of the most popular superhero movies of the 21st century. Following that we had 2 sequels, one of which was also critically acclaimed and the other not so much. Shortly after the 3rd film's released it was announced that 'Spider-Man 4' was in development, but was cancelled a couple of years later due to disagreements between Raimi and Sony. In 2012 we got a lacklustre, lazy and dull "reboot" of the franchise known as 'The Amazing Spider-Man' directed by Marc Webb and despite being the lowest-grossing movie of this series, it was still fairly-well received and thus a sequel was commissioned so now here we are with 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'. I'm going to be blunt and logical here: this could very well be one of the worst superhero movies ever made, on par with the likes of 'Batman And Robin'. Some may think that's going a bit too far, but trust me, it isn't. For starters, there's practically no plot in this movie. What this film is is basically a 150 minute advertisement for Sony products, Spider-Man toys and accessories and future movies and spin-offs. The "sub-plots" (sorry I can't say that with a straight face) in this movie consist of Max Dillon becoming Electro, which happens in the space of 5 seconds so you don't get to see his full transition, Oscorp overthrowing Harry Osborn after his father's death, Peter Parker breaking up with Gwen Stacy (only to get back with her at the end of the movie just so they can make her death more tragic), Peter Parker finding out about the mystery of his parents and Harry Osborn becoming the Green Goblin because he has some disease that his father has. So right off the bat, there's no straightforward plot here. Hell these events aren't even enough to be considered "sub-plots" because they don't all tie together in the end for one final battle or... anything! Nothing is given anywhere near enough time to get fleshed out so that this movie can deliver a decent story. The movie just reeks of lazy writing. All two- sorry three of our villains are given no motivation and Rhino only shows up as a human criminal at the start of the movie for like five minutes only to bugger off and disappear until the last two minutes just so he can do a rampage in the style of the Rhinozord from 'Power Rangers' to make for a pretty lame cliffhanger. As well as this, Harry Osborn isn't given anywhere near enough screen time to become the villain because unlike the Raimi Trilogy and the comics, he only gets one movie's worth of screen time as oppose to two movies' worth of build-up (or tonnes of comics' worth depending on what perspective you're coming from). While the actors are really trying their best with what they have, the script literally gives them nothing to work with. Character motivations are blatantly non-existent, Peter Parker's identity keeps changing from douche-bag to idiot back to douche-bag again and repeat and Gwen Stacy is literally only in the movie to show how little the writers actually get about why she's an important character. Overall, 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' is a spit in the face straight from Marc Webb and Sony to Spider-Man fans. It doesn't exist to do any good. Not to tell a good story, not to pretend it's a good movie and not to entertain fans of the franchise. It only exists to make money and that's it. I give it 1/10 and for good reason. It's an insult to spidey fans and superhero fans alike.zperry-20	5	Aug 15, 2014	
Another superhero movie that juggled too much , none of the villians had the competency that they all deserve , Electro was poorly done , and the film struggled to stick to one genre.
geotropisome	1	Aug 20, 2014	
I have a question why did you kill Gwen at the end of the movie. And why didn't you kill harry at the and why so you can keep him alive for the next spider-man.
Criley	8	Aug 23, 2014	I loved this movie from the beginning, the special effects were magnificent, especially the slow motion scenes. There was also a very good storyline giving the viewer more insight into the life of Peter's father and his reasons for abandoning Peter. That being said, something about the ending just rubbed me the wrong way. While there was the obvious foreshadowing throughout the movie of Peter having visions of her father and the promise he made to him about staying away from Gwynn, when she died it still hit me like a ton of bricks. All of the foreshadowing almost made the moment more impactful. I figured that they would try to make a trilogy out of this from the beginning, and I always pictured her being Peter's love interest throughout all three movies. The ending was also a little weak, and while I understand their desire to leave it open for a third installment to this reboot of the franchise, I believe they could have created something a little better than just having him return to fighting after mourning Gwynn. I would propose something along the lines of Peter defeating Harry in their battle and saving Gwynn in the process, then showing the mysterious figure at the end of the movie, effectively leaving the movie open for a sequel, while simultaneously keeping Gwynn in the picture and provoking much more thought from the audience. If I'm crazy let me know but I believe this would have been a much more satisfying ending.BigZ	5	Aug 29, 2014	I wasn't as impressed as I was looking to be. It's only getting harder and harder to make good superhero films these days and I just couldn't find a good hook in this one. There's a particular feel that the Spider-man has and I felt like he was delivered as well as he could have been but the other acting performances and weak plot and subplots just watered down that feel. Problems started popping up that beg the question why they bothered to reboot this superhero. What's the point of Rhino? How come Jamie Foxx's character has a way weird and awkward personality then just magically becomes BA after he gets superpowers. (Okay common issue in many superhero films but that doesn't change the lack of development in the villains.) The boyfriend, girlfriend, just friends, fluctuations were just too labored and plain wasted time. I mean estrogen much? That being said, I liked Emma Stone. I felt like she stepped into her character nicely but they totally had to ruin that didn't they. This movie isn't a total loss, its worth a watch or two at best.Platty20	6	Sep  5, 2014	A mostly underwhelming sequel which shoehorns two villains in with literally no development, the character of Max becomes the villain electro in a way that makes no sense even in terms of super hero movies with such trivial motivations he is immediately unbelievable as a character. Il give the movie credit for actually having the balls to kill off the love interest which results in a pretty emotional scene. Acting is pretty good from everyone involved, but overall the movie left a lot to be desired. If they can't even develop one villain I dread to think what will happen in the sequel when they squeeze as many as they can in.Evan2814	8	Sep 23, 2014	
This movies lives up to the title adjective 'amazing', making itself the the new jewel of Spider-Man movies! It keeps itself true to the source material while providing gripping plot and character development.This movie had enough attributes to make itself genuinely unique among other superhero movies.
CKOSMO	7	Sep 23, 2014	
The movie is really great, but in my mind was a little bit hyped. The action scenes weren't satisfying to me and the cast was small. It has a lot to do with Peter Parker, but to me, Spider-Man didn't really get that much story.
dziugastvaravic	10	Nov 16, 2014	this movie is not perfect and its not terrible...it is definetly a very good movie with flaws that annoy MANY critics  and fans however it has many AWESOME moments and good things in it like the amazing acting done by Dane Dehan Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield who is the best spider man YET...one of the best things in this movie is the absolutely FANTASTIC action and effects like spideys AMAZING swinging scenes who are the best spiderman swinging scenes we saw in a spiderman movie also the fight scenes with electro at the power plant and time square are definetly one of the best comic book fight scenes I saw...and of course who can forget the wonderful realationship between Peter and Gwen that is the one thing that saves this movie from every posible chance of failure it could have... but like I said its not perfect the story is rushed and sometimes the scenes jump from one another so fast you cant even blink for a second,the villains like many people already said are rushed too and dont have alot of character development...but thanks to the incredible acting performances, the best action and effects shown in a spider man movie,the realationship between Peter and Gwen and Andrew Garfield's performance as Spiderman The Amazing Spider man 2 is one of the best spiderman movies ever.....but not the bestRainwhole	6	Oct 20, 2014	What it does right, it does it REALLY right!What it does wrong, it does it REALLY wrong! The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a fantastic movie about a young couple struggling to adapt to their adult transition, that forgets it's a super hero movie. To the point, that I found the Spiderman scenes annoying, for I was more interested in Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy's relationship. That's a problem....simply because I paid to see Spiderman and I'm into elements of the movie instead that make me want to not see the web-hero. A more appropriate tittle for this movie would be "Love in Manhattan" or "Web of Love", because it completely nails a completely different move than the one it was intended to be. I enjoy the first movie, and I enjoy elements of this one. Yet, after this one I'm not looking forward to The Amazing Spiderman 3... Let's hope the Sinister Six give a new fresh air to the spidey universe. For I still believe Sony can turn around this franchise.SythusRATINGS	8	Oct 22, 2014	It’s great to be Spider-Man. For Peter Parker, there’s no feeling quite like swinging between skyscrapers, embracing being the hero, and spending time with Gwen. But being Spider-Man comes at a price: only Spider-Man can protect his fellow New Yorkers from the formidable villains that threaten the city. With the emergence of Electro, Peter must confront a foe far more powerful than he. And as his old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, Peter comes to realize that all of his enemies have one thing in common: Oscorp.TheRealCritics	10	Oct 18, 2014	
Dont understand bad talk. Great Moive. Sony give back Rights please. love spideyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Joem33	8	Nov 19, 2014	Definitely better than the first Amazing Spider-Man movie. I think the emotional depth Marc Webb employed in this one is its main saving grace, that is, asides from the cool special effects and action scenes. But in all, this whole new Spider-Man reboot is nowhere close to the nigh-perfect original Sam Raimi trilogy. I mean, Spiddy gets to battle two super villains (almost effortlessly) and doesn't even scratch his suit? You know, that's the core difference between the two movies: Sam Raimi's Spider-Man had this authenticity about it and it was more believable, while Marc Webb's just plain shallow but still enjoyable (The Amazing Spider-Man 2 that is, 1 is a total no no for me).TheFilmFanatic	5	Nov  2, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a sequel that surprisingly does what most sequels do not: deliver. This film builds off of the action, teen angst and intensity of The Amazing Spider-Man by bringing the themes of human connection and loss as well as a wide array of beloved and new villains. Andrew Garfield fits comfortably into the role of Peter Parker as he delivers a charismatic and strong performance as the webbed hero. The writing for the most part is passable, minus a few odd phrasings in dialogue.JohnMasterL	8	Jan  4, 2015	
The Amazing Spiderman 2 es un espectáculo visual, supera en todos los aspectos a su primera parte, aun así hay cosas que se manejaron un poco mal y pudo haber estado mejor, cumple con algunas de las expectativas.
tormentor55	8	Dec 27, 2014	
decent film but suffers from an identity crisis from time to time. Sometimes it wants to be a straight out action film other times it's a movie on a couple struggling to be a couple. Give it a shot but don't expect something like the avengers or guardians of the galaxy.
PeterParker	5	Nov  8, 2014	
One of the best superhero movies ever.The Amazing Spider-Man is better than the first movie.This is the best movie of 2014,after X-Men: Days of a future past.With three of the best villains of the comic: Electro,Green Goblin (this time is not Norman Osborn,but Harry Osborn) and Rhino.
FantasyCritic71	7	Jan  8, 2015	This movie is pretty good in some fields and bad at others. SPOILER ALERT!!!! Its a review what do you expect? The action is amazing the actors did a good job but the story is meh. 1st off the movie started off really boring I almost turned it off to start playing my Kingdom Hearts 2.5 Game but I decided to finish watching because I'm a Spider-Man Fan and I want to know if this movie portrays him well. I then found out that Jamie Foxx is Electro like what? Jamie Foxx? I was shocked literally. but anyway the plot got interesting as soon as Electro got involved. Also the relationship between Peter & Gwen was a little interesting too but I was turned off by it when she dumped him just to go back to him again but I calmed myself. Peter & Gwen are together again nothing can ever split them apart again right? Green Goblin kills her she dies relationship is over. Gwen dying didn't make me mad in fact I wanted her to die because I'm a heartless person and I didn't really care about her I did feel a little bad for her though. Its this part in the story that I like despite the fact that I hate romance the romance being there made Gwen's death have alot of impact on the story and Peter as a character. But anyway the rest of the movie wasn't that interesting to me the fights are what gets me hooked into this movie and I feel like I'm the only one who feels bad for Electro. I didn't feel the Spider-Man Vibe I always feel most of the movie was just the romance between Peter and Gwen. The movie needed more character development alot of character development maybe if I'd have seen The Amazing Spider Man 1 I might have enjoyed this a bit more. My questions & complaints are What happened to Mary Jane? And Where is Jonah Jameson? See to me without Jonah Jameson Spider-Man isn't Spider-Man. I miss him calling Spider Man a menace and always complaining about him. Plus I personally always preferred Mary Jane over Gwen Stacy she was more unique more nicer. The one thing I loved about this movie is Peter Parker's Ringtone The Spider Man Theme Dun dun dun dun dun............. I need to get that Ringtone.marvelmaniact	8	Nov 17, 2014	being a huge marvel fan i was pleased in allot of ways on how sony and the writers stuck to the comics. everyone agrees andrew garfield and emma stone have chemistry but that doesnt mean every other scene should be based on them.overall i enjoyed the new costume, screen design and effects but sadly the rhino scene ruined my hope and love for this film and franchise. Sony should sell the spiderman rights back to marvel to settle their money problems and in hope that marvel can repair the damage. i still believe andrew garfield is the best adaptation of peter parker but i am afraid if marvel does regain the rights he would be replaced and i would puke if toby miguire regained the role as the web crawler. and that laddies and gentlemen is my rant on the current spiderman situation in a true fans eyesMovi3R3vi3wer	7	Nov 27, 2014	
The first one wasn't so amazing (I didn't like it that much) I found more enjoyment in the second installment in Mark Webb's Spider-Man Saga. Highly divided, I stand on the side saying I thought this was a good movie. The action was cool and Andrew Garfield is just excellent as Spider-Man (but no Tobey Maguire).
LostSandwich	8	Dec  4, 2014	
This movie has some issues, that is for sure, for example the pacing was poor and Max/Electro's character was not built up quite enough. But this is still an excellent film. Horribly underrated.
JohnKristofer	5	Dec 21, 2014	
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is not what we expected to be "Better than the original".The Movie Suffers of too much characters and underdeveloped Villains,and the so many plots.Despite great actors playing they're roles.,The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a disappointing movie for a spider-man fan or any people who watches it.
WheelzFourReelz	6	Jan  4, 2015	
There is some fun to be had, but The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has so many ongoing plot points that the entire movie lacks focus. That, and the characters were lacking in almost all departments. It's still mildly enjoyable, but it's not as good as it could have been.
JackConstantine	7	Jan  5, 2015	
Much better than it's prequel, the Amazing spiderman (1). In this movie, Garfield really steps into his own, with a brasher, funnier slightly darker film.
jlittle1404	8	Jan  8, 2015	The Amazing Spiderman was the Spiderman movie most people had been waiting for since Spider-man 3 left a bad taste in our mouths for the character. The Amazing Spiderman 2 was the movie that I thought would take the series to another level but fell just a little short. That being said this is still a good movie and the storyline sticks to the comic book. Not bad but not great... I give it a 8 out of 10DBPirate1129	9	Jan 11, 2015	
To my surprise, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 improves on its predecessor but suffers from the too many bad guys approach of Spider-Man 3. Nevertheless, this film has finally reached the greatness of the older trilogy.
aaronbartuska	7	Jan 12, 2015	
While one can't help but wish all of these great actors were in a film more worthy of their performances, the second film in this Spiderman reboot series is surprisingly a lot of fun. Sure, the music choices suck and Sony should keep their product placement far away from the movies they put out, but if these factors are overlooked, there is a good time to be had.
TheRealFGFan	8	Jan 13, 2015	
It's such a pity that this movie is horribly received. It's such a good movie and I'm the only one who seems to like it when there are 3 villains. In this case: Green Goblin, Electro, and Rhino. The game can go the same way as well, but this is a MOVIE review, mind you. There is one word to describe this movie: Amazing
Mediawatcher	6	Feb 10, 2015	
Don't hate on me for saying this, but amazing Spider-Man 2 was a colossal **** dissapointment, with it **** story and awful running time. Jamie fox and Dane Dehan did ok but even they weren't enough to help out this movie. I'm not saying it's bad but definitly could've been way better. It's still good but marvel work on the story.
Lelchelsea	2	Jan 19, 2015	There are times when you come out of a cinema so disappointed that you pay to go see another movie.That was the case with The Amazing Spider-Man 2. It had no real direction or anything to show the audience rather than a few scenes of the on off relationship of Gwen and Peter that really just took too much screen time to explain and seemed unrewarding to moving the story forward. The Amazing Spider-Man wasn't horrible but for 200 million dollars you would think they could come up with flashy lights a messy plot and a final battle that sounded like a skrillex concert.Bernolsven	8	Jan 26, 2015	
O romance entre os dois personagens principais chegou ao ápice e isso não me incomodou de forma alguma. As lutas do filme são ruins e pela primeira vez eles modificaram muito coisa nos inimigos, como o Electro, que acho que não era um bom vilão pra adaptar e o Duende Verde ser o filho logo direto, aah, pra mim foi muito errado, mas é um ótimo filme.
soloms	8	Apr 17, 2015	
AMAZING!!!! FANTASTIC! I don't understand how the critics give so bad rates to this movie. One of the best super-heroes movies ever!..................
MovieManiac83	5	Apr 22, 2015	One of the reasons Spider-Man endures, as a profitable property and a popular icon, is that he remains an underdog—the superhero who can save the city, but not his friendships or relationships or GPA. Sure, swinging across the Manhattan skyline may be a blast, but it’s hardly compensation for what crime-fighting does to a young man’s personal life. In The Amazing Spider-Man 2, the webhead’s latest cinematic stint, radioactive teen Peter Parker (Andrew Garfield) has a lot on his plate. The film opens, in a crosscutting flurry of action, with him nearly missing his high-school graduation to stop a hijacking in process. From there, things only get more complicated: The hero’s haunted by guilt over the death of his girlfriend’s father (Denis Leary); by the fear that he’ll end up drawing said girlfriend, Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone), into the crossfire; and by a burning curiosity about the parents who abandoned him. And that’s to say nothing of the superpowered heavies out for his masked head. As always, and in the immortal but paraphrased words of his dead uncle, Parker grapples with the great responsibility that comes with his great power. He’s not alone: The creative team behind this expensive, uneven extravaganza has some pretty weighty obligations of its own. With the power of a nine-digit budget comes the responsibility of keeping a franchise chugging along, of introducing new characters while paying off old conflicts, of planting seeds for future installments. Call that the standard burden of crafting a modern comic-book movie; the good ones, like last month’s Captain America: The Winter Soldier, make the multitasking look easy. Here, it looks about as difficult as trying to balance a stack of graphic novels on a thin strand of gossamer. The best that can be said for this busy sequel is that it rarely resembles, as its 2012 predecessor too frequently did, a mere retread of Sam Raimi’s more eccentric Spider-Man movies. Marc Webb, who seemed faintly overwhelmed by his inaugural blockbuster gig, displays greater confidence behind the camera. His first big action scene, a fevered pursuit through rush-hour traffic, has a puckish energy worthy of the source material. And there are a few scenes of spectacular eye candy, as when Webb turns a moment of catastrophe into a CGI tableau, tracking a single spurt of webbing through a dispersing crowd or down a collapsing clock tower. But the script is rarely so graceful. Power duo Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci struggle to transition among scenes of city-demolishing combat, indie-rock-scored montages of Peter pouting in his room, and intrusions of corporate-espionage backstory. They’ve written a checklist, not a screenplay. Even at a hefty 142 minutes, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 hasn’t the time for its surfeit of plot, nor for the sprawling ensemble of supporting characters caught in the sticky web Webb weaves. (There’s no room, for example, for Peter’s newspaperman boss, J. Jonah Jameson, who appears only in email form—though maybe that’s for the best, given the unbeatable wonders J.K. Simmons once did with the part.) Dane DeHaan, from Chronicle, brings a sociopathic rich-kid menace to the role of Harry Osborn, heir to the corrupt Oscorp empire. But the movie can spare only a scene or two to develop his complicated kinship with boyhood friend Parker; a relationship that spanned the entire length of Raimi’s trilogy has been condensed into one movie here. Similarly, there’s little Jamie Foxx can do with his villain, walking battery Electro. Kurtzman and Orci position him as a kind of adult-male Carrie, lashing out at a world that’s ignored and mistreated him. His arc, however, never gains any dramatic power; he’s a stalker geek caricature who transforms into a special effect, glowing blue skin and currents of CGI electricity provided in place of an interesting pathology. Wedged among the endless introductions, the flashy light shows, and the groundwork for future sequels are the occasional grace notes, most of them courtesy of Garfield and Stone. It’s no surprise that the director of (500) Days Of Summer most excels at the romantic side of Spider-Man, the scenes of playful rapport between the superhero and the geeky dream girl he’s somehow snagged. The Amazing Spider-Man 2 arrives at a surprisingly poignant climax for the young lovers, one that Garfield—a whiz at wisecracking and brooding—sells with utmost conviction. Yet even that heartfelt punctuation is rendered perfunctory, just another item on the film’s checklist. Perhaps Webb should have just carbon-copied the decade-old second chapter of Raimi’s trilogy, a much more elegant balancing act between drama and spectacle. Now that was an amazing Spider-Man.Urbanlistener	8	Apr 17, 2016	In my opinion this movie is far better than the first one, more well-rounded and rich in its character development. Andrew Garfield is still very good as spiderman and every scene with him is great and the cast from the first one is still on point. The romance between him and Gwen feels more natural and necessary to the plot. Electro is a pretty decent villain, his character is interesting and his story arc and motivations are way more clear and coherent than the villain from the first one. As in the previous film, the CG is excellent and every action scene is very well-made and very enjoyable. The main issue with this film is its abundance of bad guys that spiderman has to deal with and maybe too much sub-plots. It becomes a bit convoluted and confusing at some points, but I still think that every new character and story arcs are more interesting, original, emotionally resonant and more developed than the ones in the first film. Yes, there is a lot of sub-plots, but they all tie in together in a decent way, where you can still follow the main point of the movie, even if sometimes it his harder than it should be. The last 15 minutes are indeed a letdown and seem forced and are an obvious unneeded setup for Sinister six, but the rest of the film felt much more interesting, rich in character development, emotional attachment and cohesion in the villains intentions and plans, than the first one, thus much better and fun to watch.Jalumbi	7	May  6, 2015	
While ''The amazing Spiderman 2'' suffers from an overly convoluted and confusing plot, putting plenty of characters with no development at all, the special effects and action make the film an entertaining pop-corn flick.
TheDude-	4	Jul 11, 2015	
While TASM 2 does have great special effects, Action sequences and romance between Garfield and Stone that can not make up for a crowded storyline and overabundance of setup for sequels/ characters and villains.
waronasserman	8	May  2, 2015	
this movie is really great! so underrated and gets so much hate undeservingly! this is such a fun movie! people fault it for plot holes when they don't pay attention
NatT96	3	Aug 19, 2015	Just watch the 2004 Spider ManNot better than the first films at all, this movies sort of a mess, but it did not make it a bad movie entirely. This film wants you to like there characters in it, but there so cliche though, the new Spider Man tries with this sort of cheesy punchline personality, that's just  not that enjoyable. A majority of the movie it seems as if this Peter Parker just doesn't even take things seriously, and of course it seemed like it was just to purposely create conflict that was not needed, nor enjoyable. The films cgi is mind blowing though, that's probably all I really enjoyed about it, it was done well. Now as far as Jamie Foxx's involvement, I literally guessed his entire character  because he immediately showed was a generic nerdy stereotype...I just didn't really care for that at all. There is so much villain involvement (or introductions) in the film, it gives you too much at once that they all didn't fit the plot, literally. So, cliche character development, overuse of villains, and a cheesy Peter Parker that gets annoying, its easily forgettable.AaronDWasserman	8	Jun 26, 2015	
This movie was by far the best of the Spider-Man movies. Garfield and Webb truely captured the hero right off the pages. Granted this movie has its flaws, but it does way more good than bad. Ignore the critics bashing of this movie, go in an enjoy  it
Richardso1970	5	Jun 27, 2015	
It's ok, getting way into the unbelievable comic book realm. Kind of dissapointed. Schmaltzy territory. I liked the original movie series better. I'll still watch the new ones but not in a movie theater.
BoogeeFilmGuy	6	Aug  8, 2015	I saw this at a 'special theatre'. I say its special because it had flowers hanging from the ceiling and reclining chairs. Alas, throughout the romantic scenes in this movie I focused more on the best position to lie in on my recliner rather than actually looking at the gigantic screen. Anyway, the other parts of the film were somewhat enjoyable and I don't think Spider-Man fans left too disappointed, although some of the scenes do go on for quite a while.kababs	5	Jul 18, 2015	The Amazing Spiderman 2 is overall a mediocre film, although its not a terrible movie. There are generally good moments within the film such as Marc Webb's visual direction with the film, the cinematography (some of the scenes around New York look great) and Andrew Garfield's performance as Spider-man is top notch. But of course the problems with the film generally revolve around the story. Why should I care about Dane Dehaan's character? Why is electro even in this movie, what is his motivation towards Spiderman? Including random plot elements thrown in like Aunt May's new job and Peter Parker's wall of nonsense that isn't even explained. Plus the random stereotypical russian mad scientist thrown in there to bring it a couple of cringe worthy moments. Fans deserve better from a spiderman film and hopefully they take a more serious approach to the story telling next time around to give us something actually engaging and worth watching. Overall I wouldn't recommend it unless your a die-hard spiderman fan with a morbid curiosity.CineAutoctono	6	Dec  8, 2015	
The seculea reboot of Spider -Man was slightly surprising , plot, the script for the humorous time so Spider -Man tells Sparky to Electro LOL, that funny , but it will not be necessary to Andrew Garfield to be Spider -Man , Tom Holland tried to secure his style play Spider -Man , at its debut in Captain America: Civil War.
YellowKirby	5	Sep 27, 2015	
I thought this movie was okay, but it has a lot of problems, goofs, unnecessary composition, and the fact that Electro's range of powers constantly expand to the point that he can inexplicably create a black leather suit for himself so that he can look cool in the final battle, because... reason.
JaykobRiley	2	Sep 10, 2015	this movie had high exceptions from the first amazing spider man being good but  this film just turned out to be **** the villains never fight spider man together. Electro story line was just stupid. the rhino was waste to a 3 minute fight at the end. the majority of the film is just talking.  Andrew Garfield was decent but he is old and outdated. the film tried to make him look like a figure for teenage girls to have organism for. the only good thing was the building of the sinister six and Gwen dying. i actually laughed at the moment . i would say to a person who wants to watch this film is too just stare at a black screen for 2 hours because that is more interesting.AWasserman	8	Dec 20, 2015	
Not a perfect movie, but an enjoyable one non the less. Arguably my favorite Spider-Man movie. Best representation of the character on film ever. Andrew Garfield owns this role. The effects, action, cast, music, all came together nicely. This movie could have been better if they made Max, not electro, more believable, and they focused the film more, and didn't reveal so much in the trailers.
aadityamudhar	4	Apr 18, 2016	It's just so bland and boring.... the film lacks a pulse. There was one genuinely heart-felt moment toward the very end of the film that got me, but the rest? Very blah. The second Captain America film was a thousand times better than this film. The chemistry between the two leads is meager, the bad guys don't inspire fear like those in the the Dark Knight series - not even close. You can't even put those two franchises in the same paragraph. I was a HUGE Spider-Man fan as a kid - what a shame that they can't make a good movie for this character. (Or a good video game, for that matter.)EpicLadySponge	5	Jan 22, 2016	
This Amazing Spider-Man has shown us what Peter Parker had tried. The elements are still in there... it's just ain't what the first Amazing Spider-Man had that made it earned the 7 score.
gameguardian21	5	Mar 14, 2016	
This spider man movie repeats things that spider man 3 did wrong, but makes it into a boring, awkward, and makes no sense. The movie says this is spider mans greastist challenge, but its his challenge to try to keep this movie good.
Jarody	7	Feb 20, 2016	The amazing spider-man 2 is the villain heavy sequel to the satisfactory amazing spider-man. Firstly, the chemistry between peter and Gwen is the best we've seen in any spider-man movie before. The costume and action are also fantastic, and the acting is upper class. Some scenes could be considered the best in spider-man's movie career, like the Gwen death scene. However no movie is perfect. There are a couple too many side plots in the movie, which is why the movie is quite crowded, not because there is too many villains. The villains aren't the greatest though, with rhino being too cartoony, electro was a bit cheesy, and the goblin feels slightly rushed. In the end though, the amazing spider-man 2 is an enjoyable movie, an I myself really enjoyed it. But I can understand why some people don't.Ectsoplasm	8	Feb  2, 2016	That'll do, Sony. That'll do. Seriously though, I love Spiderman, but the trilogy that came not 10 years before this duology didn't satisfy me. The Amazing Spider-Man movies were much more faithful to the source material with the web shooters Peter Parker built... but being faithful isn't enough to make a great movie. This movie has a great story, though it kind of has two unrelated villain origin stories. Some people said this movie had too many villains, but I don't quite see how two villains is too much. By the way, Rhino didn't count. He was just some fan service at the end to foreshadow a new villain for the next movie (which we won't be getting, but if it means getting an even better movie from Marvel, I'm all for it.) The acting was believable, but the lead role, Andrew Garfield, had the show stolen by the actor who played Electro, Jamie Foxx. That character was just crazy enough to be funny, and to make us feel bad for how cheated he was as well as how he ended up. Overall, I absolutely LOVE this movie, but I can see the flaws. Green Goblin did seem a little thrown in there.nicomarin12	7	Feb 24, 2016	Ok, I watched this movie twice the opening weekend and I have loved it so much since. Almost 2 years later I have watched the movie again and I now have a more accurate opinion about the movie. First of all, I still love this movie and the previous one. Garfield's my favorite Spider-Man, I love Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy, and the atmosphere of the movies is much more enjoyable than the Raimi ones (Probably because it sticks more to my "era"). I think the movie succeeded in action and special effects, performances and an overall story flawlessly. But, the story still has some plot holes and too much coincidences (like the Roosevelt train part). However I think the main issue with this movie is that it is WAY too overloaded with characters and plots and things going on for all of it to fit in one movie. We have Peter's parents thing, Electro, Peter and Gwen back and forth in the relationship, Aunt May as a nurse, etc. So they can't focus in make one plot and make it good. The marketing campaign in the other hand, was very misleading. I think that if they didn't show Rhino at all in the posters or trailers (and little of the Green Goblin), the movie could've actually been a bit better. Another thing that they do in this film is focus way too much in setting up the sequel with all that Sinister Six stuff. I think the movie has a lot of problems in its story and that makes it a less cohesive film. It's such a shame because it had so much potential and if they had made it a bit 'smaller' it would have turned out great. I'm really sad that the rights are at Marvel (huh... that's weird) because I loved Garfield and The Amazing Spider-Man franchise so much. I wanted to see Sinister Six this year! I wanted to see ASM3! And I'm sad this whole universe they set up went straight to trash. Plus, I'm not a fun at all with the new casting choice, so this kid better be good Marvel. In summary, I had a ton of fun with this movie, but I see why people didn't like it and I understand it perfectly. The plot is all over the place and may be difficult to catch up with. I want to give this movie an 8 since I like it too much, but I feel it deserves at least a 7 for its convoluted plot. It may still be my 2nd or 3rd favorite, but hey, that's just my opinion. Thanks for sticking through my opinion and have a nice day.AgentVenom117	6	Feb 21, 2016	Easily the most controversial Spider-Man film as many people wonder,what went wrong? It obviously was the studios (sonys) fault. This movie is what happens when a studio doesn't let the film makers make the film they want to make,and this causes a film that had the potential to be great but turned out just ok. If you're a Spider-Man fan you can find enjoyment in this film but if you're a casual fan or not a Spider-Man fan I'd say you could pass on this one or watch if it's free on TV.MaxBoyz	10	Feb 27, 2016	
Electro and SpiderMan are good fighting, okay im boring.... but Amazing Spiderman is so Great. I hopeTom Holland is so AWESOME FIGHTING in Civil War. come on :D
Futuredirector	7	Mar 18, 2016	
Peter Parker, Ghen Stacy, her father, Electro, Harry Osborn, his father, Oscorp's workers, Aunt May, Gehn's family (x3), Felicia, Rhino and some other characters..., this film is full..., and it has some kind of more plots than a normal science-fiction, superhero films. Anyway, it has true love, honest emotion, action-packed and thrilling enough for put the audience in shock.
ReelViews94	4	Mar 23, 2016	The fifth Spider-Man feature, which is the sequel to the unnecessary reboot, is all over the place, an undercooked cinematic casserole that blends some genuinely touching moments and well-presented action sequences with bad melodrama, overlong exposition, and overexposed CGI. There are too many negatives to keep the experience from being the kind of giddy adrenaline rush one hopes for with a Big Summer Flick. Sitting through The Amazing Spider-Man 2, I had the feeling that screenwriters Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci, and Jeff Pinkner and director Marc Webb were throwing everything they could think of at the audience to see what might stick. There are some good moments in The Amazing Spider-Man 2, especially toward the end, but the whole thing seems to have been assembled by filmmakers tone-deaf to what constitutes compelling cinema. Key relationships are given short shrift. The central villain (to the extent that there is one) is all bluster and no menace. The "resolution" to the mystery of Richard and Mary Parker is an anti-climax. Spider-Man is too obviously the product of computer graphic artists as he swings around New York (an oft-heard complaint about the webslinger from back in Sam Raimi's first installment). A majority of the movie focuses on events in and around Oscorp, the omnipresent New York City tech corporation that employs Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone), the platinum blond girlfriend of Peter Parker a.k.a. Spider-Man (Andrew Garfield). Gwen is delightful but the same can't be said of Peter, who comes across as a smart aleck. At least early in the proceedings, Peter isn't likable, although the screenplay eventually humanizes him a bit. Worried that his relationship with Gwen might be putting her life in danger, he breaks it off with her. Loving her means letting her go. Meanwhile, we discover that Peter's childhood best friend, Harry Osborn (Dane DeHaan), is back in town, having taken over Oscorp following his father's untimely death. After an awkward reunion scene, it's just like old times for these two, but the artificial manner in which Harry's bosom friendship with Peter is forced upon the audience makes this relationship a non-starter. While Harry and Peter are busy rekindling their bromance, one of Oscorp's loyal electrical engineers, Max Dillon (Jamie Foxx), has an accident. After being electrocuted, he falls into a tank of mutant eels and is repeatedly bitten by them. Instead of dying like any self-respecting overzealous worker, he becomes a supervillain called "Electro." The screenplay never bothers to establish the "rules" governing him nor does it do a good job of explaining his limitations. His motives are also poorly defined; what is his soul's desire beyond killing Spider-Man? Electro recalls The Sand-Man in Spider-Man 3: an imposing bad guy who's just around to add some variety to the battle sequences. I suppose the real villain of the piece is The Green Goblin, but he doesn't show up until near the end. There's also The Rhino but his debut comes even later than The Goblin's. Truth is, for about half the running length, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 doesn't have any villains, which results in a meandering screenplay that tries to stay afloat by tricking viewers into thinking they're watching a superhero soap opera. As one might expect from a real-life couple, Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone display some nicely modulated chemistry, although they never quite match Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst for generating sparks. And, while events conspire to knock some of the petulance out of this too-cocky interpretation of Peter Parker, Garfield never completely loses the "too cool for school" air. Spider-Man's enemies are an underwhelming lot. Dane DeHaan, who was effective in Chronicle, fails to find his footing here. His transformation is more inevitable than tragic and his Green Goblin comes across as a generic homicidal comic book bad guy. Electro is probably about 50% Jamie Foxx and 50% CGI and it doesn't help that Foxx seems to be channeling Richard Pryor from Superman 3. t's no stretch to say that the final 15 minutes saves The Amazing Spider-Man 2 from being a disaster. In borrowing a storyline from the comics, it does so with the proper level of reverence without becoming slavish. This segment of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 feels a little more real, a little more unexpected, and little more honest than what we have come to expect from otherwise by-the-numbers superhero movies. It gives meaning to an otherwise scattershot production that could have benefited from a less spectacle and better writing. Even at a hefty 142 minutes, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 hasn’t the time for its surfeit of plot, nor for the sprawling ensemble of supporting characters caught in the sticky web Webb weaves.AaronWasserman1	7	Mar 26, 2016	
I had to really stretch to give it a 7. There is so many missed opportunities, but so many things so well executed. Andrew Garfield is the highlight of this movie, and the reboot as a whole.
Koplins	8	May  9, 2016	
This Movie was good. a lot better than Spider-man 3.too many villains but everything else is okay.although its  disappointing  that there wasn't a sequel to this movie because the movie ended with a cliff hanger.
Aaron_Wasserman	7	Jun  1, 2016	
I had to really stretch to give it a 7. There is so many missed opportunities, but so many things so well executed. Andrew Garfield is the highlight of this movie, and the reboot as a whole.
Hyperleon	9	May 26, 2014	I have no idea why Critics are giving this movie rotten reviews. The movie was well done. Electro and green goblin had a lot of humanity behind them. Jamie Fox and Dane Daunhaunn (i probably spelled that wrong sorry) Play very well as the villains. Dane really brings out the creepynist is the green goblin. Now heads up green goblin is not in there very long nor rhino, but god dang the fight scene between Goblin and spidey was awesome! That would usually bother me that Goblin and Rhino wasn't in there very but you see the central villain is electro and they nailed him. This movie had great acting and CGI. I do like the fact they put spider-man's abilities to the full use. In the original trilogy by sam rami. Spidey's spider sense hardly worked. In this one its used to the max. The Fight scenes with all the villains were awesome. Ok now to Andrew Garfield and Emma stone. Andrew Garfield is the best casted choice ever for spider-man and Peter Parker. Its just the way he acts and talks that makes him more of a believable spider-man. By the way spider-man in this movie is hilarious. Emma stone played very well as Gwen stacy. She wasn't this damsel in distress for spider-man to continuously has to rescue like in the original trilogy. Like her better than Mary jane. This movie also has a huge emotional impact. It's much more Superior then the other super-hero movies with their emotional impact. Now the story does seems a little rushed and because of that. The plot is loose a bit. Thats my only criticism of the movie really. This movie also seems like a build up to the sinister six movie and that really the only reason why rhino is there and green goblin, but its a really great build done right. Also what I appreciate in the movie they did focus more on Peter and Aunt May. There is a huge connection between the two. In the original, she was hardly there. Just there to tell a lesson or a boring story that no one cares about. By the way, the movie has a great soundtrack. Especially Electro's, its awesome. its called: Paranoia. Go look it up. I also heard the 3D with this movie is awesome with this movie. Well thats what I heard. I could go on forever how AMAZING this movie is, but I'm gonna stop here. Go watch and I promise it worth the time.joao1198pedro	6	May  5, 2014	
The first one wasnt good, but this one surprised me, i had no expectations from that movie so i thought it was really good, it has his issues but its surprising.
travellyn	6	May  4, 2014	While this film is not terible there is bits of disappointment if you think your gonna see spidy punch electro as he did to d.r Ock as in the old triligy you wrong how ever the story is interesting and made the film a success enjoyable just not what spidy fans exspecteagleeyeviking	6	May  4, 2014	
Too much characters and subplots amongst other cons threaten to overwhelm the movie but the entire cast led by the talented Andrew Garfield (and the visual effects team) once again saves the day.
bfoore90	8	Dec 23, 2014	Pretty good movie overall, can't really see why alot of people didn't like it. Andrew Garfield was amazing, no pun intended. Electro and the Goblin were also pretty well done. The story was pretty good but was ultimately a victim of Sony trying to do too much with a 2 hour film.  Some of the overall writing of the film was  as laughable and terrible as Paul Giamatti's Russian accent. Giamatti's performance in this movie is almost down right terrible. I also felt there was not alot of character development for Electro, who was pushed as the main villain in the film and by the time the film ended, he was second fiddle to Green Goblin.david1997	9	May 26, 2014	I'm a huge spider man fan and I was in love this movie!!! best visually and entertaining spider man of all time ..this movie keeps a great dramatic dark humor vibe and that's what I like about this movie...they action scenes are pretty stunning to watch.. Jaime foxx looks like a badass as electro and  and Dan dehaan gives a evil performance as green goblin but wish he couldn't been in the movie as green goblin more .. but all in all this was a great movie .. and I'm looking for to the next amazing spider man movieBertoflyingfox	2	Jul 19, 2014	Ohhh Andy Garfield, the kitty cat actor. Watch him look left, watch him look right....watch him nudge your hand with his wittle nooooose. What a bad movie, on all levels. From the over-romanticized love angle that felt like some ultra-cheesy MTV affair, to the really bad "villains". Their motivations were a joke, Green Goblin looked like a geriatric guy with gum disease, and Rhino....Oooooohhh that Rhino. I can't believe I'm typing this, but even Raimi's Spider-Man 3 was easier to watch. He at least had the roles filled out better, Chris Cooper as Norman Osborn....LOL!!elsylorena	7	Aug  9, 2014	
Esta película posee muy buenos efectos tanto sonoros como visuales, para mi posee un buen guión, y aunque sus actuaciones no son las mejores, la película te entretiene, y un final inesperado.
generalsnorkel	8	May  6, 2014	This movie was a great movie that everybody should see. It is as adventurous as the first, just better. I think that the critics should have rated it much higher. It had so much action, so it  makes you become drawn to the movie. There was a huge line in front of the movie theater just because of Spider Man, and that shows that people got what they paid their money for. All you haters should stop hating this movie, it's great. There was one major problem, which dropped it for a 10 to an 8. It didn't have enough emotion in the scenes except for the last scene. I hope the next movie has more emotions in the story.HintShade	9	May  8, 2014	People.. This is a comic fan's living embodiment of WHAT you want to see in a movie. It respects the lore perfectly, making it a smidge predictable to the avid comic fan. What this film does as a result though, is tease this ending perfectly.. The action sequences go to slow-mo occasionally to emphasize hits, and is so free flowing in plot. As for the argument of villains (People saying there are too many), you haven't seen the Toby MaGuire Spider-Man 3 film. The biggest flaw is I think many people confuse this with the game (Spoiler Alert: Hastily made, Don't buy), but the movie paces the story much better. I'd see this multiple times. Tis a shame a lot of overly harsh critics are gonna muddle a truly marvelous nod to the comic nerds of the world..Jetset5	10	May 11, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has an excellent story and great action sequences that tie in with the romance and comedy. The movie is exciting and suspenseful, and you will never get bored watching it. It's hard to find movies with such a captivating and well developed story these days and this movie is definitely worth it. A lot of critics are far off on reviewing The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and as long as you have an open mind you will enjoy this masterpiece.nocobb3203	6	May 13, 2014	I was hesitant to get into this series after the horrible first trilogy. However after watching the 1st one I was intrigued. They lost some of what made the 1st one good. There was too much focus on romance and it was done in a cheesy way. Some of the scenes seemed a little forced. They strayed from the source material a bit with Electro and things but it worked to an extent. I do believe they choose the wrong mech suit design for the Rhino and was also hoping for more on screen time of this character. I really like how they got more into the witty and funny comments Spidey is known for when dealing with criminals. The visual effects were also amazing. The story can drag in certain parts when waiting for the full on action seems which are done well. All in all it was an okay movie. Not something I would rush out and buy but when the price drops it could be added to the collection. This wont be one of Marvel's top grossing films but it wont be a bomb either just an average film they make money on and hopefully learn what to stay with and what to correct in the next one (i.e. mech suit).Rorshaque	5	May 13, 2014	Coming from a fan,  what this installment did to the Amazing Spider-man franchise is only bring it down for me. The film is overly flawed and crowded, but nonetheless entertaining. This film would've felt flat if not for the amazing chemistry between the actors, mostly the leads. Andrew steps up his game in this one, they've really got the casting spot on with Spider-man and Peter, and Emma is really incredible and mesmerising as Gwen Stacy. The problems I have is that the plot feels forced at points, and Electro is not that strong of a character, let alone a menacing villain. The action is top notch, the cast is spectacular, but that's it. It's nothing more than an entertaining piece of cinematography. It won't leave you wanting to see it again.Overall the film had great potential, but fell flat due to incomprehensible and unnecessary plot elements and underdeveloped characters.xShaunaOH	7	Jun  2, 2014	We all know how popular superhero movies have become. With successes like Chris Nolan’s Batman, and Marvels Avengers franchise the bar is set high. It’s become easy to be hyper critical of all competitors, and the fan base seems to be constantly divided on every release. So what good is a review? At least 50% of you are going to disagree with it anyway! But, I don’t really care because I have a lot to say and will not be silenced by Internet trolls! So Amazing Spider-Man 2 came out on Friday, I saw it Thursday at 10:05pm. Since then the Internet has gone a little wild with both hate and praise, and I must say I take the side of pleasure! I loved this movie, like a lot. I feel that it was not only a huge step above the first one but also significantly better than the X-Men movies (First Class excluded). It was a complex story, not in plot but in character development.The chemistry between Garfield and Stone is so real, obviously, and it makes the dynamic of Pete and Gwen deeper than it’s ever been before. People whine about the use of Gwen Stacy over Mary-Jane Watson, and I think that’s obscene. Gwen always has been and always will be Peter’s first love and therefore his deeper connection. This shows so passionately on screen that it almost feels like an invasion on Garfield and Stone’s relationship! Not only are they great together, but also separately. Both encompass their characters so strongly that it often feels as if they aren’t even acting. But they aren’t the only two who mesh well. Sally Field’s adaptation of Aunt May is by far my favorite, and she pulled out all the stops in this movie. Some of the most heartbreaking and riveting scenes are the ones where she is the center of attention. Unfortunately though not all characters fit well. Yes, I am talking about Dane DeHaan as Harry Osborn. I personally feel they should have introduced Harry in the first film, as it felt rushed and fake. Harry and Peter are best friends, in every adaptation, and in this movie it was slightly unbelievable. This made for strange and somewhat impersonal endings, if you catch my drift. As to the belief there were too many villains, I pose this thought: Bane, Catwoman, Talia & Ras Al’Ghul, Scarecrow, and Dagget. All were in The Dark Knight Rises and not a soul complained then! Not only that, but I would not consider Rhino to have any more of a part in this movie than Scarecrow did in TDKR. Was the Electro storyline cool? Absolutely! In fact I wish there was more of that and less of the Green Goblin, but as a comic fan I do understand his place in the film. All in all I believe this was a great movie! Maybe not in the same sense as Cap or Iron Man, but in the sense that I was entertained and enthralled the entire time. I think this movie did exactly what it set out to do and that was to tell a Spider-Man story that meant something. Seeing characters adapted on screen from books that I’m passionate about means a lot to me and maybe that makes me biased or blind to issues, I don’t know. What I do know is that ShaunaOH gives Amazing Spider-Man 2 a 7.8/10!!joyalexandre	9	Jun  3, 2014	
My girlfriend and I really liked this movie. It was well paced and the character were really interesting. The villains could have been better, but I see no problem in that. If you liked the last one you'll like this one as well.
bogdanfratila97	7	Jul  7, 2014	i cant say that i am not a Spider Man fanboy but lets be honest , the first movie was much better than the second movie. First lets talk about the good parts, Electro was really bad ass in this movie and the action scenes was gorgeous. I really like the Easter Eggs in this movie , when i saw Mr Smite i was asking my self '' Okay they bring another villain in this movie". The acting was pretty good and i really enjoy the jokes. Ok but than it comes The End, i am a very big fan of Green Goblin but lets be serious taht the movie did not show the true power of the villain.Green Goblin its such a complex character and you cant show hes hatred and hes power in just 5 minutes. Than it comes the Rhino which it haves 2 minutes .In my opinion The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a really pretty good movie, the actions scenes are very good but are few ( in the prespective of Green Goblin and Rhino) and i really recomand this movie to everyone who like mixed dramatic action movies and who grown up with these wonderful characters.HISHEheb	9	Jul  8, 2014	
the best spiderman movie of all time, I think it had a Three Villains, and the last time we saw spider-man movie with Three Villains was Spider-man 3, but this time it worked
ydnar4	9	Aug 27, 2014	The Amazing Spiderman 2 was just as good as its previous film in my opinion. Its got lots of action and it continues to craft a better story throughout which I felt that Marvel failed to do in the first set of films. I see Andrew Garfield as a better Spiderman than Tobey Maguire. He continues to struggle in balancing the two sides of his life until they collide and we get a massive twist in the end. Just another great Marvel film. They are really on a role right now.DoctorW2016	10	Feb 14, 2015	THIS MOVIE ROCKS! it shows that being Spider-Man is not easy! how things can be difficult sometimes! how dear people to you can die sometimes! it's the best Spider-Man movie i saw since Spider-Man 2!MrMovieBuff	5	Mar 15, 2015	'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' suffers from the same issues that 'Spider-Man 3' (2007) suffered from...too many villains, too many subplots and a bloated run time that doesn't seem to end. Didn't Sony learn from their first mistake? Obviously not. If you ask me, apparently it took four screenwriters to write this movie...I bet Sony secretly hired them as one writer without one of them knowing about the other. One screenwriter probably wrote that Electro is going to be the main villain, the other probably had the Rhino, and the last one may have had the Green Goblin in mind. They all went to Sony Studios and tried to sell their scripts, but when they found out about each other, there may have been some kind of conflict. Whoever is in charge of Sony probably told them to calm down and said that they will use all of these ideas leaving director Marc Webb to juggle all of these stories. Now, here's the truth, Sam Raimi's 'Spider-Man' (2002) and 'Spider-Man 2' (2004) are absolutely unbeatable to this day. I thought 'Spider-Man 3' (2007) was still good, but I understand why not many people liked it. I thought 'The Amazing Spider-Man' (2012) was just as unnecessary as most people thought as it was made just five years after the last film and it was obviously Sony's attempt to retain the rights away from Marvel. But honestly, I thought 'The Amazing Spider-Man' (2012) was good, not great...but it was better than I expected, Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone really stole the show in that film. In here, the actors still do a good job managing with a sub-par script, and director Marc Webb tries to juggle as much as he can. Paul Giamatti is absolutely unrecognizable as the Rhino, but he is criminally underused, Jamie Foxx becomes a comic relief as Electro, the main villain of the film. Dane DeHaan is a great actor with a bright future, but his Harry Osborn felt forced. Honestly, this movie tries to throw so much at you, you struggle to keep up with it, it's like watching three films at once or something. It jumps back and fourth unevenly between; Peter and Gwen, Peter finding out about his parents, Aunt May (Sally Field) becoming a nurse for no reason, Spider-Man fighting Electro and Peter's friendship with Harry. It's too long and there's too much. Maybe 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' is not going to be remembered as one of the most exciting films of 2014.m00nlightsh4d0w	10	Apr 23, 2015	Just read somewhere that people think this movie sucks and has had loads of bad reviews, WHY?!In my opinion this movie was the best spider-man movie ever made the actors all played it perfectly from start to finish, the direction, the special effects, the homage to the comics and everything about this film was class, I'm a fan of comic books and I can't understand how anyone could rate the amazing movies coming out lately as bad, all I can think is that they are sitting down looking for something other than a movie about a comic book character, I've watched this movie 4 times and god damn it i'll watch it again when it's on tv, the wife loved it too, in fact everyone I know who's watched it thought it was either really good or amazing. 10,000 out of 10,000 :P Oh and if those critics have stopped us from getting another one of these amazing films with their snooty head up their own butt idiocy I'm going to be very disappointed.Cinemassacre94	4	Mar 20, 2016	It takes something lackluster like The Amazing Spider-Man 2 to remind viewers why movies like Captain America: The Winter Soldier are considered superior. In the superhero genre, it's too easy to become sloppy and fall back on clichés. The fifth Spider-Man feature, which is the sequel to the unnecessary reboot, is all over the place, an undercooked cinematic casserole that blends some genuinely touching moments and well-presented action sequences with bad melodrama, overlong exposition, and overexposed CGI. There are too many negatives to keep the experience from being the kind of giddy adrenaline rush one hopes for with a Big Summer Flick. Sitting through The Amazing Spider-Man 2, I had the feeling that screenwriters Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci, and Jeff Pinkner and director Marc Webb were throwing everything they could think of at the audience to see what might stick. There are some good moments in The Amazing Spider-Man 2, especially toward the end, but the whole thing seems to have been assembled by filmmakers tone-deaf to what constitutes compelling cinema. Key relationships are given short shrift. The central villain (to the extent that there is one) is all bluster and no menace. The "resolution" to the mystery of Richard and Mary Parker is an anti-climax. Spider-Man is too obviously the product of computer graphic artists as he swings around New York (an oft-heard complaint about the webslinger from back in Sam Raimi's first installment). And the 3-D recalls the nadir of the technology. For a $3 surcharge you can get blurry images, washed out colors, and very little "pop." A majority of the movie focuses on events in and around Oscorp, the omnipresent New York City tech corporation that employs Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone), the platinum blond girlfriend of Peter Parker a.k.a. Spider-Man (Andrew Garfield). Gwen is delightful but the same can't be said of Peter, who comes across as a smart aleck. At least early in the proceedings, Peter isn't likable, although the screenplay eventually humanizes him a bit. Worried that his relationship with Gwen might be putting her life in danger, he breaks it off with her. Loving her means letting her go. As one might expect from a real-life couple, Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone display some nicely modulated chemistry, although they never quite match Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst for generating sparks. And, while events conspire to knock some of the petulance out of this too-cocky interpretation of Peter Parker, Garfield never completely loses the "too cool for school" air. Spider-Man's enemies are an underwhelming lot. Dane DeHaan, who was effective in Chronicle, fails to find his footing here. His transformation is more inevitable than tragic and his Green Goblin comes across as a generic homicidal comic book bad guy. Electro is probably about 50% Jamie Foxx and 50% CGI and it doesn't help that Foxx seems to be channeling Richard Pryor from Superman 3. It's no stretch to say that the final 15 minutes saves The Amazing Spider-Man 2 from being a disaster. In borrowing a storyline from the comics, it does so with the proper level of reverence without becoming slavish. This segment of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 feels a little more real, a little more unexpected, and little more honest than what we have come to expect from otherwise by-the-numbers superhero movies. It gives meaning to an otherwise scattershot production that could have benefited from a less spectacle and better writing.GreyFox	9	May 11, 2014	This is my favorite Spiderman movie out of all the ones that have been made so far! He never was my favorite superhero, but this movie made him one of my favorites. I love Andrew Garfield as Spiderman and I love the message of this movie. I thought the first amazing spiderman with The Lizard as the villain was a tad slow, but after watching the sequel I feel obligated to watch the first one again. So good!Smartacus	7	May 20, 2014	
The movie was pretty good.  A nice diversion for a few hours.  I found it a little slow at times even though there were a number of villains involved throughout. It changes the Spider-Man cannon a bit if you are into those types of things, if you are, then you will not like the movie at all.
Jacob	6	May 24, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is almost a good sequel. The film focuses on the dilemma of Peter Parker rather than excessive action, has a good cast with a good villain, and some fun action that isn’t excessive. There are two things that hold this movie back from being spectacular one of which isn’t the movies fault and that is marketing. The marketing for this film made it seem bigger than it really was. Had the film just been advertised as Spider-Man fighting Electro I wouldn’t have expected too much out of it but the marketing set the bar too high with excessive trailers, giving away villains that play minor roles, having trailers feature scenes that out of context seem bigger than they really are, and it doesn’t hurt that the film’s catch phrase was “His Greatest Battle Begins.” However, upon a second viewing I’m be more excepting of it and if you are lucky you haven’t been exposed to the excessive marketing for the film and don’t know anything which is how it should be. My second major gripe is the ending, which feels rushed and sloppy in comparison the rest of the film. Had the marketing not built this movie up so much, given stuff away, and misrepresented the film by showing various scenes out of context and had the ending been better written this could have been a spectacular film just as good if not better than the original and could rival and/or surpass the first two films in Raimi’s version of the character. As it is it’s a fun action film that is nowhere near the disaster that Spider-Man 3 was. If you are a fan of Spider-Man check this one out but if you are getting tired of Spidey this film won’t do much for me. If you go to see it though lower your expectations and don’t watch any trailers just know that its Peter Parker dealing with problems and fighting Electro and you’ll probably be entertained outside of the ending. But if you’ve seen the excessive marketing prepare for a major disappointment.Mando44646	9	Aug 20, 2014	
This was yet another great Spidey movie from Webb and team. Garfield is fantastic as Spidey and  Stone is fantastic as Gwen. Villains and other characters were also done well. These continue to be much, much better than the horrid Raimi trilogy of movies and anyone that claims differently does not know anything about Spider Man's universe or character.
Orman	2	Jun  8, 2014	Well, usually I think films are better than what the critics rate them. In this case however, I think the critics gave this film too much credit. Chemistry between characters just did not seem to be there. The dialog reminded me of the dialog of earlier Spiderman films--a rerun. The mass destruction of New York City is getting old.  If Jamie Fox were cast to play Green Goblin, and Dane DeHaan to play Electro, this movie would have at least been more interesting.Tokyochuchu	7	Dec  2, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 does amazing things throughout it's run time, providing badass cool battles and nice romantic moments in equal measure. The film is well on it's way to easily being the best Spider-Man movie when it suddenly decides to summon the ghost of Spider-Man 3 and tries to cram about 4 Spider-Movies into one. The ending is unbelievably wasteful, rushed and crass in it's sequel bating. Which ultimately knocks at least one point off the movie's score for me. Shame.NonConformist	9	May  7, 2014	This movie has become one of my favourite superhero movies of all time simply due to the fact that I was able to identify myself with the characters and connect with them on such a profound level. In the 2 hours that I was sitting there, eyes glued to the screen, I experienced a myriad of emotions. My eyes might have even shed a few tears towards the end for how great it was. I love this reboot so much better than the original trilogy simply because it is not depressing as hell. You should definitely ignore all the ahem "professional reviews" that have been submitted because I honestly don't understand where this movie could have gone wrong.kevtheobald	7	May  9, 2014	In some ways this is an improvement over the first Amazing Spider-Man, but they made some odd choices. I think they found a great actor for Peter Parker. The SFX sometimes slide into video game style, which was a little distracting. It feels like a movie plus the start of another. Electro was great other than how they made his body fluid like a ghost one moment, but when Spider-Man hits him he is solid. There some other quirks, but you get the point. If you are looking for a classic popcorn flick that is not a grim hero movie, this is a solid choice. If you are looking for the greatest Marvel character based movie ever, this is not it.Kadeemluvmusic	4	Aug  5, 2014	It was amazing alright, but not for me. Don't get me wrong, I love the first Amazing Spider-Man. Sadly, what Marc Webb just did with #2 threw it all away. I saw the movie in IMAX 3-D and it came out as a watershed deja vu of Spider-Man 3 all over again. The good news is that the chemistry between Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy worked incredibly beautiful, and Sally Field as Aunt May is perfect. (Extra points for Stan "The Man" Lee's cameo) There is one problem: The film is TOO DAMN LONG! Some are good, the rest fells flat in the face. The story doesn't feel any resemblance to Spider-Man unique origins story and turn it into a 2 1/2 hour full of a disjointed action romp that's filled with plotholes and cheesey one-liners. I almost forgot that Electro's character development is just the polar opposite of bland and dull. Jamie Foxx's performance as the lightning-rod villain/alter-ego Max Dillion is questionable. And Electro's CGI elements are overrot. He always complains too much with this mess. The (almost) ending scene where Gwen Stacy dies doesn't make any sense. It was supposed to be happily ever after and now Webb screwed it up. In fact, he screwed the rest of the fans (including, myself) and try to alienate the rebooted Spider-Man franchise from scratch. So much for Spider-Man 4. Also, earlier this year, I thought underrated newcomer Shailene Woodley should've, would,ve and could've been a great choice casting as fan-fave Mary Jane in #2, but I seriously don't understand why she was taken out of the picture and add Gwen Stacy instead. She is a great actress (although Divergent is very decent) and saying that she's not pretty enough might send the wrong message and let this baffoon of a director pretended that it was some sort of a mistake. F**k you, Marc Webb. I was surprised that all of the action is wasting too much time. Sure it might've been good, but I fell asleep and needless to say, that is not how you make a grand entrance to a supposedly amazing sequel, period. And whoever told Paul Giamatti plays as a laughable villain named Rhino almost at the end and Spider-Man challenges him to a  one-on-one battle? That really pisses me off. Movie's over. Wait...what? A new clip showing Mystique kicking the living hell out of the government? Thanks a lot, Sony. I smell a lawsuit between both Sony and Fox because both are Marvel films (outside of Disney's intellectual respects), but they have no business revealing the new teaser for Days of Future Past. If they need to make a third Amazing Spider-Man movie, they need to tone down the action a little along with Peter Parker's ongoing chemistry with Gwen, try to add Green Goblin or Mary Jane and don't even try to rush the characters into a walking recycled douche, and keep the movie an hour and a half because I'm still reeling right now and still angry. I would write an angry letter to Sony and hopefully they should add the extended cut of the movie on Blu-Ray. Not this moment, but probably during the Winter. When you see another superhero movie going to add another sequel in a few years, something is wrong. And that's why I have had enough of The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Top down in every level, I should put this in the 10 Worst Superhero Movie Sequels next time.DownByTheRiver	6	May 24, 2014	NEW review-ish after putting off changing my review I have to saw it's definitely decreased from a 7 to a 6 and barely a 6 I could have made it a 5, but some things saved it from that. After thinking about it for a while there were more stupid things that I have thought about now. Needless to say now I'm fairly disappointed in this movie and don't have much confidence for it's future and I'm a big Spidey fan.BasilZero	9	Nov 30, 2015	
The sequel to the reboot of the Spider Man series. This movie was nicely done and had a lot of memorable moments, cameos from various spider man villains and also  a great combination of special effects and build up between tensions of iconic characters known to the Marvel Universe.
xunderwoodx	6	May 29, 2014	
This movie was a huge let down compared to the first. Rhino is falsely advertised just so you know. The action and chemistry between Peter and Stacy is the best parts of the movie. The overall story is all over the place. If you're bringing a younger audience the action will be enough to entertain them but for someone who was looking for a better thought out story this movie does not deliver.
bleh910	1	May 19, 2014	garbage. one of the worst superhero movies yet and the worst spiderman yet. yes worse than spiderman 3. terrible script, acting, and plot holes all over the place. the worst and most insulting part is ending the movie  mid fight exactly like the trailer!!! what a joke!!! Who should see this movie? Anyone under 12 might like it.Anyone older stick to better franchise like marvels movies or x-men.bosconian87	8	Sep  6, 2014	I have just put myself through a marathon this week of the Amazing Spiderman movies as I hadn't seen them, and where I enjoyed the first one, and acknowledge how solid it is, I also felt that it was unspectacular as well - a great setup for sure, but it didn't really take any risks, and suffered for it a little. With number 2, its obvious that Director Marc Webb had to push the ante, by not only moving the story to what we will eventually see, but also moving the story to its logical 'cliffhanger' questions that will be answered when The Amazing Spiderman 3 and The Sinister Six arrive on the big screen.  All this no doubt was a herculean task, and sadly, Webb, didn't get it all quite right.  But did he come close!! Let me get the criticisms out of the way first: Electro isn't given the due screentime to explain himself fully - if it was really that hard, why not just have him arrive, and do a montage of events explaining his past and the moment of Electro's creation?  I can accept that ultimately he's not the main event of the movie (I'll get to that), but surely if you're going to give a little, explain yourself?  And then there's the fact that we're supposed to just accept that Peter Parker and Harry Osborn are good friends, just like that, when it wasn't even broached-upon in the first movie?  Okay, I'm nitpicking here I know, and maybe its a fault of the first movie - but hey, at least a little continuity please? So lets get to the good points - the relationship between Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy is the main point of this whole movie, and whereas such a move has failed in past superhero movies, here it soars.  It was enough to pass a blind eye to the faults I've mentioned above, and actually recognize, that this film is trying to do something different.  And then there's stirling support from Dane DeHaan, who puts a wicked spin on a well-known villain to great effect.  Its really evident of everyone in the movie, that for all its faults, that it does work so well.  And then there's the special effects - somebody has actually thought about them, for goodness sake!!  As a last point of good, having seen the deleted scenes on the Blu-Ray, Marc Webb left out a lot (including a certain character), and I say good to him - had he included them, this movie would not have been so effective, and if anything, any emotional investment would have been met with a bucket of cold water. And there you have it - watch this film and know that whilst its not perfect, and its a conduit from an introduction to something much bigger, and you'll have a blast.  Its very good for all its flaws, and not as bad as many would make you believe.noco71	7	May 20, 2014	
This was an entertaining movie from start to finish. Dont look for deeper meaning or overcomplicated grandiose plot themes. A vast improvement on the first movie. Electro was a great villian when he got going. The green goblin was wasted a little and rhino was just an afterthought. Also I am not usually a big fan of 3D but this was probably the best use of 3D I have seen in a movie to date.
mrmonster	10	Jun 15, 2014	
The best Spider-Man movie ever. Trust me, anyone who likes superheroes will love this movie. It will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very end. And remember to watch the end credits scene.
LizLemon44	5	May 16, 2014	I didn't think I'd like the first Garfield-Spider-Man version, and was blown away. Similarly, I didn't expect to feel so disappointed by the next entry! Just too much, for me. By the end of the film I was struggling to find the humanity so well built in the first one. It's not a 'bad' movie, but I won't be seeing it again. I hope they either bypass a third entry or hire a much better team of writers to help Webb out. I know they can do better than that!Sojum	3	Aug  6, 2014	I'll admit I wasn't a huge fan of the first. I didn't understand why a reboot, just 10 years after the first in Sam Raimi's trilogy, was needed. And with the origin story told so closely to it's predecessor I was underwhelmed, but it had some entertainment value and quality stars. AS2 was just painful to watch. It starts out cartoonish and silly and never really breaks free of that. Maybe they were trying to put more lighthearted fun in the mix, but I couldn't stop thinking of some of the later years batman films. Spidey senses are not tingling...Tjackson31692	5	Sep 13, 2014	I going to say I'm a huge spiderman fan I got most of him comics but the amazing spiderman franchice its cutting for me. Webb’s The Amazing Spider-Man 2 there’s a decent 90-minute movie. The problem is that, for every good moment, fantastic performance, and solid action scene, there are underdeveloped character and story elements, questionable CGI, and tepid melodrama. This causes the movie as a whole to come across as flat, dull eye candy, which never does enough to differentiate itself from either its predecessor or Sam Raimi’s earlier stab at the franchise. Not enough of what they try to do works, there’s no thematic continuity, and you walk away feeling like the filmmakers never decided what movie they wanted to show you. Andrew Garfield proves once again that he was an excellent choice to play the new incarnation of the web-slinger and his civilian alter ego Peter Parker. Charming, earnest, and fun to watch, he embodies the duality of the character, capturing both the wisecracking teen, but also carrying the weight of his responsibility and the baggage he stows under all that spandex. People are going to hate the constant banter with the bad guys, but that’s a key part of Spidey’s shtick, and to be honest, that’s always been the most annoying trait of the comics. As the lead he’s easily the best part of the movie, but still not enough to save the day. Playing opposite Garfield, Emma Stone is back as Gwen Stacey. She, like her partner in crime, is great to watch and it’s hard not to love her at least a little bit. It’s nice to see a female character that is more than just a superhero’s girlfriend, a complication, or some dangling carrot for him to save. Over the course of the movie she does wind up in peril, but this comes as a direct result of the choices she makes of her own accord. In fact, she has a skill set and knowledge that, without, there’s no way good could possibly triumph over evil. Aside from his origins and the death of uncle Ben, the relationship between Peter and Gwen is one of most iconic pieces of Spider-Man lore. Though there are a few too many will-they-won’t-they moments that take up valuable time, it’s nice to see that relationship rendered well, and Garfield and Stone have such a fantastic chemistry that it’s hard not to be engaged in their story. This is easily the high point, too bad the rest of the movie is nothing but mediocre.python2000	5	May 22, 2014	Marvel movies just don't interest me anymore. I have never really been a big fan, but at least back before The Avengers they were enjoyable to say the least. SPOILER ALERT: The villains suck. Electro is crap. He just whined and moaned about how Spiderman "lied to him" in half his scenes. He is the main villain and he is almost as weak as Sandman in the slightly worse Spider-Man 3, just for the record. Rhino is also in the movie and appeared in the trailer just as much as the other two villains, he is actually in the movie for about four minutes. And it's in the last scene. And you don't even see him get defeated. I'm not a Marvel fanboy and have never really cared for the original comics and how close the movies were to them. However if I were an annoying Marvel fanboy I would be pissed about the misleading advertisement. Finally the third villain The Green Goblin, one of the best things about the Raimi Spider-Man movies, is actually pretty cool, it's just a shame that he is only in the movie (as The Green Goblin not Harry Osborn) for ten minutes at the most. DeHaan is the best thing about the movie, he always grabs my attention no matter what movie he is in. The villains are not the only problem with the characters though. All of the cast play messy characters, in a decent way, the only above average performance is from Dane DeHaan who is always strangely entertaining. The plot has potential to be very interesting, but the amount of stuff going on at once is confusing and somehow quite boring. Maybe it is even more overstuffed than the legendary Spider-Man 3. Also the tone of the movie is inconsistent. Sometimes it is grim and reasonably realistic. Others it is like a kids movie full of slapstick gags and lame pants jokes. Some things are just downright ridiculous, I mean Spiderman is basically Superman. He can pretty much fly and use his webs to do anything. Like catch a police car? Seriously? There is no mystery in this movie because it feels like the writers just wrote in new things Spiderman is capable of doing so he doesn't die. The Amazing Spiderman 2 is probably going to end up being yet another superhero movie fawned over by fanboys for the next couple of years, but personally I won't bother watching it again. I quite like the twist (even if I didn't care for the characters involved much) towards the end, overall the finished product met my expectations. A weak and predictable superhero movie with close to no redeeming features.FleshWorld	1	May 10, 2014	
I think when you review a movie like this you have to juxtapose it against the other big movies in the genre. And even set against the other big blockbuster superhero movies such as Capt. America and Thor the amazing Spiderman two is simply crap. The actors are terrible there seems to be nothing at stake and about a half hour after I left the theater I had forgotten almost all of it.
lox	5	May  9, 2014	The Amazing Spider-Man 2 brings many improvements and flaws to the table.  Despite adequate depth given to Harry Osborn by Dane Dehaan, somehow the film managed to never give me a genuine reason to care about his problems.  Max Dillon's transition to the underused Electro was rushed and underdeveloped, the story is needlessly bloated and redundant in parts, Paul Giamatti's utterly wasted given two cameos and the ending was cheesy and stupid.  As an understatement, TASM2 could've been MUCH MUCH better...RedEagle24	10	May 11, 2014	Just like Man of Steel, people rely too heavily on comparing it to the original set of movies instead of looking at it on it's own like they should. This is a different Peter Parker and Spider-Man than the Raimi versions just like their have been numerous incarnations of Spider-Man in the comics.As for the movie itself, It's wonderful. Arguably, the best parts of this movie is the relationship between Peter and Gwen and his struggle to not only be Spider-Man but also his guilt over breaking his promise to Gwen's father, which is something that haunts him throughout the entire film. Andrew and Emma have some of the best chemistry you will EVER see in even the best romantic movies out there. They are perfect for each other so it makes you truly care and even understand exactly what both of them are going through. Their is so much emotional weight behind every action they take and it truly leaves an impression on you as you leave the theatre. Spider-Man is how he is most commonly portrayed in the comics. He's fast talking, talks a lot of trash, and is quick and flashy and relies heavily on his web use. But he also displays his intelligence and even his detective skills. I also enjoyed that he doesn't always just leap straight into a fight. Sometimes he will try to talk a villain down especially if it's someone he knows like Max(Electro) or Harry. Which brings me to villains. I will agree that Rhino is wasted in this movie. He's only at the very beginning and the very end for about 5 minutes and is only meant to set up upcoming projects. Electro is the main focus and his arc is very well handled. He's just a lonely electrical engineer that wants nothing more to be noticed by people. Gwen Stacy remembering his name after meeting him at Oscorp was like a small miracle to him and it really makes you sympathize with him because you can see just how much pain he is in.Harry's arc is also good for the most part. It gives him to become a villain without just rehashing previous plots and in doing so, it makes him a far different Harry from the Raimi films and like Max, his plight is very understandable. Sure he was only The Goblin for 20 minutes but there was no other way to do this story. Obviously Sony wanted him in there to not only build up Oscorp's role but to also set up future projects so Webb did the best that he could to give Harry an arc so he wasn't completely pointless. The action scenes are also quite extraordinary. Every single fight is memorable in it's own way whether it's due to his trash talking, his pure nobility in helping a little boy fight off bullies, or just the high energy action. There are some other small sub-plots thrown in which people have called "overcrowding" but that is ridiculous. Other than Peter's parents, any sub-plot is just briefly explored and even lead to some truly touching moments between Peter and Aunt May. All in all, I found very little wrong with this movie. It had everything a Spider-Man movie should have and then some.Inlikeflynn	6	Jun  6, 2014	I have to be a little hard with this one; because despite my enjoyment this movie has too many flaws... The acting was superb and the action is very well shoot, the movie in general is very well directed HOWEVER; there is just a general lack of focus in the general movie, it's trying to hard to squeeze every inch of spider-man lore and story lines where none are needed resulting in an over crowded movie that is just way too much for it's own good... Again, in my opinion the movie is good... is just that it becomes too much and the general level of quality suffers for it...WalkingDead5640	9	May 23, 2014	Web slinging spectacular fun! I love this movie!  Overwhelming exiting climax! Top notch adrenaline sparkling fun! Well crafted story and an anticipated build up to lead into the next installment.  Great characters and acting. This new take on Spider-man is something new and exiting to see what is coming next! It is very creative and fun. Electro, whenever he sparked and caused destruction, it got me pumped just like the swinging scenes and the heroic score and can't forget about the electro dub step. There are many brilliant scenes, normally involving Harry and Peter, Peter and Gwen or Electro/Max. I was not disappointed and can't wait for The Amazing Spiderman 3!Memburg	9	May 27, 2014	In my opinion, this is almost the ultimate Spider-Man experience. It has fantastic drama, emotion, the characters are relateable, and the action is flawless. Electro is an amazing villain, but doesn't steal the spotlight much from the other villain, Harry Osborn. (We aren't mentioning Rhino) And, in my opinion it holds one of the best handled deaths in cinematic history. That moment in the film is perfectly paced, sublimely acted, and is most assuredly the highlight of this film. For any Spidey fan, this film is a must see. The only real negative to it is that one or two things are a little sloppy. Other than that, this film is, undoubtedly, amazing.Excaliberx	3	May 20, 2014	
This movie had nice special effects and an entertaining soundtrack but the story was lacking. It had several parts that didn't really connect with each other but it really apart with the ending; it was a pitiful and unnecessary, the death served no purpose to the story other than allowing spiderman to continue on unhindered.
metalforbrainz1	8	May 22, 2014	Why do so many people hate this movie? Honestly, the film doesn't deserve to be the lowest rated of all the films. For a start, they don't try to characterise 3 villains, there's only really 2. The action scenes are freakin amazing (best one being that fight between spidey and electro in the centre of new york), the plot is sweet and overall, it's just awesome. It even has a sad homage to the comics at least (i think thats what it is, never read them). The only real issues are that there's too much sappy romance and you only see Harry in the Goblin costume like once. But it is a great filmTheCatalyst1	9	Jun  1, 2014	This is a sequel to a Spider-Man franchise done right. Yes, there are multiple villains in this film and that may concern some people due to what happened with Spider-Man 3. However, these villains are fleshed out and to be fair, Rhino is more of a cameo than anything. The direction of the story is compelling because the character development is top notch. I care about the characters because they are realistic and believable (apart from the fantasy part about being a superhero or villain). I found myself caring for the antagonists in the film. Jamie Foxx did an incredible job on Max Dillon/Electro. He had a personality and a soul. Dane Dehaan surprised me with his performance Harry Osborn. I will admit, I was a bit skeptical on his ability to make a great Harry Osborn. All the actors delivered on their part. The story is a great and well thought out plot. The film will take you an awesome and wild ride. The effects are great as well as the action sequences. I would say that the Green Goblin should have gotten more exposition and screen time, but that is a minor complaint on an overall great plot. As a Spider-Man fan, this is a great movie and franchise as well. As a fellow movie lover, great plot, great actors, minor flaws. I give it a solid 9/10. I look forward to what is next with high expectations.DuckNation	5	May 15, 2014	You know i thought we were past these types of superhero films but i guess not. The Amazing Spider-Man 2 sends us back the early to middle 2000's with LOADS of corny scenes also the film is riddled with cliche's almost to a point were its unbearable. I actually waited in line to see this movie and man what a waste of time that was thinking about it now. Ill be honest here and say that i never really cared for any of the Spider-Man movies other then "Spider-Man" and that's because it had Willem Dafoe in it. The Amazing Spider-Man was a decent movie overall though it was very underwhelming but The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is just a flat out disappointment. The biggest problem i have with the movie was the Peter Parker, Gwen Stacy story arc it was a majority of the film. I understand that it was need with how the story ends up playing out with Gwen dying but seriously there were so many scenes with that BS that i started to look away from the screen. Another big problem i had with the movie was the CGI the opening car chase scene with Spider-Man trying to catch all the plutonium was beyond crappy looking at that moment both me and my friend looked at each other and shook our heads with a Budget of 200-250 million the CGI should not have been a problem. Jamie Foxx as Electro was average i was expecting more but his character was so bland and cliched oh hey a loser guy in real life that adores a super hero ends up getting powers of his own then turns evil and despises his once idol. It's lazy writing like that which pisses me off how about come up with something new oh no we cant have that now can we. I really like Dane DeHaan so i was excited to see that he was going to be in this movie i knew that he was going to do a good Harry Osborn again i was wrong they made his character into such a rich cry baby with daddy issues that whines if he doesn't get his way so i was disappointed with his role. Overall i give it a 5.5 The Amazing Spider-Man 2 sets up for things to come in the Spider-Man universe rather then trying to make a grounded more likable movie. I might give it another watch when its out on blu ray. Marc Webb, Roberto Orci, and Alex Kurtzman straight F***ed this movie nothing more to sayJack_Sunshine	6	May 25, 2014	A problem with these new Spider-Man films is the sense that we’ve gone through all of this before. Sure, the sets and the actors are different, but everything is played out on screen exactly the way it was ten years ago. With the open-ended conclusion of Spider-Man 3 still fresh in our minds, this retelling of a story we’ve already heard reminds us what the future probably holds for superhero movies; a series of reboots with unsatisfying conclusions when the franchise loses steam. Criticism aside, Harry’s arc here is different. He suffers from a debilitating genetic disease, and the anger at Spider-Man is not due to the death of Norman Osborn at the webslinger’s hands (this Harry hated the guy), but because Spider-Man refuses to contribute his unique DNA to the project. I am a James Franco fan, but the new guy (Dane DeHaan) gives a compelling performance. He’s great as a troubled rich kid, who’s just inherited the company and has to deal with the sneering disapproval of his board of directors. His complete absence from the first film is a little jarring when he’s supposed to be one of Peter Parker’s oldest and dearest friends: ‘Hey dude, it’s me, Harry, remember? That guy who you haven’t seen in ten years? Remember the good times? Yeah, the good times were good, weren’t they buddy?’ Remember that good old Franco was there from the beginning. Harry does get one of the most satisfying moments in the film though – a brilliant comeuppance (albeit temporary) for the corrupt corporate executive who ousted him from control of Oscorp. Harry’s set up as a villain, but he’s one of the most sympathetic characters in the film, certainly more so than the main villain, Electro (Jamie Foxx). Electro started life as a downtrodden and introverted technician at Oscorp, who was given electrical superpowers in a freak accident. Oscorp’s definitely the place to start hanging around if you want something to give you superpowers. He teams up with Harry, whom he sees as a kindred spirit, I guess, and while it’s hugely satisfying to see him calling the shots for once, after all the trouble everyone’s been giving him, he does act a little creepily in his spare time, and has a misguided sense of what the world owes him. Foxx does well, although it’s not as compelling a performance as some of the highlights of his career (Collateral, Miami Vice, Law Abiding Citizen, Django Unchained, he’s had quite a ride, and I haven’t seen all of his movies. It’s a shame I missed White House Down, but I digress). To be honest, you can barely tell who’s playing the character once the accident turns him into a computer-generated cloud of sparks. The final fight with Electro, amongst the transformers of a high-tech power station massively over-exploits the contrast between orange and blue which is used so often in film, especially in posters, to the extent that it’s become a cliché. Here, they’re almost the only two colours on screen. The soundtrack during this fight however, is really inspired; a rock and dubstep influenced score with a huge, satisfying power chord echoing through the cinema every time Electro destroys a transformer. He even teases Spider-Man by using this musical ability to play The Itsy Bitsy Spider. While I’ve waxed about how the ‘new’ Spider-Man is just like its predecessors, I haven’t touched much on the differences. They’ve drawn fresh villains from the existing rogues’ gallery, so that all five Spider-Man films pitch the titular hero against a unique villain, the one exception being Harry Osborn’s goblin. His appearance immediately after the fight with Electro does feel a little tacked on; Sam Raimi’s trilogy spread the Osborn arc over three movies, with Harry’s vengeance bubbling in the background for quite some time. Andrew Garfield is a more self assured Spider-Man than Tobey Maguire was, at least at first. He approaches crime fighting with a teenager’s light-hearted humour, frequently improvising and dropping mid-fight wisecracks. There’s a great moment when he disappears for a few moments and then blasts Electro out of the sky with a fireman’s hose – when the camera cuts to Spidey, he’s wearing a fireman’s helmet. There’s a lot going on in this film – in addition to everything I’ve mentioned, there’s a clock tower, an abandoned subway station, eels, a mental asylum complete with evil scientist, and one of those investigative walls of crazy where keywords are drawn on post-it notes and everything is connected by lengths of red string. There’s also a romance in there somewhere – Gwen Stacey (Emma Stone) and the dilemma of the promise that Spider-Man made to her late father are at the forefront of Peter Parker’s human dilemma. It’s got problems, but this is mainly baggage associated with the superhero/reboot/sequel world the film inhabits. Treat it as a standalone piece of work, and it’s still a decent film, and I forgive it everything for the director being named Marc Webb. That’s got to be providence.hierax	2	Sep 14, 2014	Im really disappointed by this Movie. Its 80% Teen romance, 10% Spiderman storytelling and 10% scenes of Spiderman fighting the bad guys. Very much blabla about their feelings and the relationship of Peter to his girlfriend. It is clear they tried to get more girls into this movie, but for guys just looking for some action and superheroes fighting evil villains, this is the wrong movie. Sometimes i thought this is how people had felt when their girlfriend forced them to go to watch twilight with them. The trailers told a cool story with epic fights against the Goblin, Rhino and Electro. SPOILER : there are two good fights against Electro, but Rhino and the Goblin are only shown at the end of the movie for about 5 minutes. The Goblin got a short fight of ~4min and then the Rhino comes in, just as cannonfodder, getting  beaten by spiderman in about 1minute. This is all action in this movie. One fight against electro in the middle of the movie, and then the final with Electro->Goblin->Rhino. I cant recommend this movie.aguywhoreviews	3	May 24, 2014	OK this is sort of a rant and review so bare with me. Amazing Spiderman 2 is amazingly **** I liked all Spider man movies, yes even Spider man 3 I found somewhat enjoyable, before this one came out. So being a HUGE Spider man fan, I was disappointed. This whole movie, it felt like no one but Jamie Foxx gave a **** The performances felt stiff and bland. The score is one of the worst I ever heard. Especially Electro's theme, which is dubstep. I don' hate dubstep, I actually kinda like it, but this is so bland and generic. Also, the trailers for this movie spoiled everything. Those saying this movie stays truthful to the comics are not right. The only two common things are the web singers, and Gwen Stacy. I'm not going any further as that is spoiling it, as if the trailer hasn't done so already. Also rhino is in the movie for around 10 minutes. Sony, you do realize that some people came to the movie, just to see rhino. And oh my god the end shot of the movie, is in the trailer. I would say more but that is spoilers. This is the worst Spider man movie out there.francisrgo	3	May 23, 2014	
The movie was just convoluted and all over the place. The script should have only focused on one story arc and not try to to add one plot after another. The special effect was nothing spectacular. Overall it lacked story development, dialogue was flawed and cinematography was perplexing.
Rallandollo	4	Jul 27, 2014	
Too tacky, over the top and way too much use of special effects and slow motion with bad one liners and clichés. Too much is going on and the movie felt pretty pointless yet quite entertaining. Very "americanized" all over. Genre could be: Adventure, Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Drama, Romance, Comedy. I'm not overly satisfied with the movie.
SQG_Slasher	3	Jun  5, 2014	
In my opinion, no reboots of Spider-Man can compare to that of the original Spider-Man trilogy with Tobey Maguire. Sure, this film has its moments, but I still don't like it.
max1998	10	May 12, 2014	
Spider-Man is the biggest superhero franchise of all time and because of that it sells more merchandise than any other movie so we need to be giving more money to these people who make entertainment based of pop culture for us in order to not only sell more toys but also to improve the economy in the name of consumerism.
marcmyworks	5	Jun 25, 2014	The amount of detail put into this film is incredible, whether it be a simple photograph of Gwen and Peter to the complex intricacy of the web-shooters. The draw back is the over saturated plot and clear merchandizing moments, as they are a plenty. Peter Parker loves Gwen, but is torn in his duties as Spider-Man, this probably should either have been the real focus of the film or it should have been about the villain army master scheme. Both seem to be too much for this one film to handle.fusion_13	5	May 25, 2014	I was a very underwhelmed by this movie, the story was kinda weird and half of the movie was about Gwen and Peters relationship. Electro was done wrong and wasn't that good a villian, he just didn't seem to intimidate unlike other comic book villians like Magneto, The Joker, Loki and Zod in their respective movies. I had no problems with the Green Goblin but The Rhino was just a mess, he was portrayed wrong and was slapped in the movie for no reason and played no role important to the story. But, the action scenes were awesome and the humor was pretty good too. Overall it was an average movie and i wasn't a huge fan. 5/10rhaynes7	6	May 27, 2014	I don't even know where to begin with this. I love the relationship between Gwen and Spider-Man, and I love to hate Andrew Garfield, but it's so hard to dislike him when he's such a personable superhero that saves a kid from bullying. He's so good, but he's so cocky, and it makes the mixed reactions from the movie's city seem so convincing. However, when he ties Spider-Man to hope, I just can't help but roll my eyes. Then there is Harry Osborn who I just didn't like in this movie. His voice just grated in my ear, and his turn to evil should have been more gradual. It may have been better to have him slipping and then become the Green Goblin come next movie. Then there is Electro, who is solely driven by need. His beginning is so cliche and he is so one dimension. He just wasn't nearly as epic as the dub step theme he has. Most critics have mentioned this already, but this movie does have some issues with going from funny moments (which are very good) to more emotional moments (which are ruined by the funny moments) I do like the twist that reveals that the radioactive spider only worked for Peter cause of his dad's DNA being implanted. I have mixed emotions about the movie, and overall it is skippable, but at the same time, I wouldn't recommend skipping it.Renwicke	7	Jun  1, 2014	
I felt as though the the romance is what carried the film. The effects and action are all on point but the villains in this film were pretty weak. Garfield still is the best choice for Parker/Spider-Man. he plays it right. One of the best scenes in the film is the final scene.
TimeOfTheChimps	5	Nov 22, 2015	I've changed my mind about this movie. The more I watch it, the more the flaws become apparent. Though Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone's chemistry is amazing to watch, Peter mopes around for most of the film and even quits saving lives when a certain event happens (which you see coming from a mile away, but it is pretty good). The film's effects and CGI are great, but they f*cked the Green Goblin up in a major way, which is one of my big gripes with this movie. Dane DeHaan is great as the troubled Harry Osborne, but once he transforms into the Goblin... no. His prosthetics look awful and his characterisation becomes weak. Also, Peter doesn't give him his blood to cure him. What? This your best friend, moron. He wants to take the risk, let him live. If you don't, he dies very painful death. Such a selfish character decision. The film also starts many plot threads but never finishes them, such as the subway scene where Peter discovers something about his father that I don't quite remember. The whole scene is really convenient and contrived when you watch it. Peter's father died but somehow had time to film this long video Peter finds. Huh? Rhino is introduced but doesn't do anything but act stupid. He makes some cheesy one-liners and gets caught without it being shown... big whoop. Another complaint: in the final scene, Rhino opens his mechanical suit, with his face completely exposed. The cops have guns but absolutely do not shoot him. Why? Because the plot calls for it. Ugh. One positive aspect about the villains and their plots is that Electro is done quite nicely, very similar to his Ultimate version. Jamie Foxx gives a real sense of emotion and dread to this tragic villain, but surprise, I still have one complaint. Electro initially trusts Spider-Man and is his biggest fan, but one shot of a bullet from someone causes him to turn his back on Spidey for no good reason, even though he did absolutely nothing wrong. Also, only Electro needed to be focused on; that would've been enough to satisfy the villain requirement. Remember Willam Dafoe's Green Goblin? He says hello. Overall, the film has some touching emotion and great action scenes, but the overstuffing of villains and multiple plot threads that lead to nowhere really hurts the film's big effort. You tried, Marc Webb, you really did. Good effort my man.XBONE	10	May 23, 2014	
Wow,must wow.  Andre Garfield played the role so incredibly well and put Toby McGuire to shame.  Had the best time watching this movie, a must see.    .
MagicManRAW	6	Jun 30, 2014	I saw this a while ago.  It was way better than the first Amazing Spiderman.  Some elements are better than the first 4.  Some elements are not.  I still hate it when everyone knows each other or are closely related in some way, even though they are all on different sides.  Electro is a decent character, but way to cliché and too easy to defeat.  I hated the ending and if this is the direction of the next film, I will be very negative.  This movie does a decent job following the father thread from the first movie, but I did not care for it. This is entertaining and a decent action hero movie.  6 is a nice decent score for it.  Not a movie you will fall in love with or rememberii_like_bl00d	9	May 12, 2014	Honestly, I have no idea why this movie is getting bad reviews. The visuals are great, the villains (apart from green goblin) are great and the movie genuinely surprised me as to how close it stuck to the source material. The only gripe I have in particular is the fatal "I love you so much" syndrome that just spells disaster and virtually tells you what happens halfway in. But overall, it's the best spider man film I have ever seen.Gurolge	8	May 14, 2014	Villains are one dimensional; spiderman's parents origins plot is irrelevant and forced into the scenario. This movie tries too hard to prepare you for its sequel. As a superhero movie this movie fails like Spiderman 3 - due to similar reasons (Overcrowded villains with no time spent on them; the whole movie looks like an advertisement for Sony; the whole experience seems rushed). However unlike Spiderman 3 this movie has something extraordinary - a heart. Emma Stone's and Andrew Garfield's acting and chemistry is magnificent and this movie made feel for them. Drama side of the movie affected me in a level that I have never experienced before. I guess this is mainly because of Webb. Also effects and action scenes were cool. No other superhero movie affected me emotionally as much as this movie but most people did not buy their tickets to see a drama I guess so I understand why there are negative reviews.Cherryxld	9	Nov 23, 2014	
The Amazing Spiderman 2 es una película que da algunas sorpresas conforme avanza el film, a parte de que la película ofrece una trama interesante y curiosa, que sin dudas fue mejor de lo que esperaba.
chw	5	Apr 10, 2015	The acting is terrible in the movie. Jamie Foxx was a three-time Oscar nominee, I believe, and he wasted his career away in this. The other actors as well, but luckily, Emma Stone got away, and eventually got nominated for Birdman. The acting was the biggest problem. There are others, such as plot, and how they have a villain in for 90 minutes, another for 10, and another for 5. A terrible way to get ready for the Sinister Six.lkaliba	8	May 30, 2014	
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 definitely has an unfocused narrative and overabundance of characters, but redeems itself due to its strong performances and top-notch visuals effects.
Usualeel	6	May 23, 2014	
A film that has multiple plot points frankensteined with excessive  fan-service that would make the Avengers franchise blush. The acting is also mixed at best. Despite this, Amazing Spider-man entertains with it's characters and and exciting action sequences. (The electronic score by Hans Zimmer is also a plus.)
TJK22	5	May 20, 2014	For the most part I have to agree with the critics on this one. Sure the visual effects are top notch, and Andrew Garfield does play a convincing Spiderman, But the story is very stale. This feels like another basic superhero movie with nothing to expand in the world of Spiderman. That and the  on-again off-again relationship between Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy is very confusing. Also would it kill this movie to just stick with one super villain, I mean I love green goblin as much as the next guy but introducing him like 45 and minutes into the movie was a bad directors choice. And having rhino at the beginning and the and just gives us a hint for the amazing Spiderman three. Overall this was a very confusing movie that the Spiderman franchise could've gone with out.TigrisVsLeo	8	Jun 20, 2015	
It gave me goosebumps at some moments when Spider-Man was web slinging. There are some good parts in the movie that will make you laugh. The effects were fantastic and the fight scenes were great!
Meth-dude	3	Aug 16, 2014	
The acting was really bad and there was no action.The only good actor in the movie was Jamie Foxx and he was not at his best.Visually amazing,the movie just failed at being good.
ScribeHard	5	May 21, 2014	Peter Parker has so much baggage – and it is baggage that drags – I don’t know how he has time to do his homework, let alone fight crime, yet he does.  And when I read the whopping 142-minute runtime in advance of the film, I thought that was a little bloated, but it turns out to be not enough for everything director Marc Webb wants to achieve.  I’m not suggesting the film should have been longer, I’m suggesting Webb should have tried to do more with less instead of trying to do too much at all.diogomendes	6	Dec 28, 2014	*POTENTIAL SPOILERS, IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MOVIE, PLEASE LOOK AWAY* This it, guys. One of the most controversial movies of 2014, and the one that I was more hyped for: The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Let's be clear, I was immensely excited for this super-hero flick. I'm a Spider-Man fanatic, I simply idolize this lovable character. I watched cartoons when I was younger, I had toys (and I still have some but I don't use them anymore). I read some comic books, my favorite one was always the Ultimate version. It was more realistic and it was darker, and that's why I found it to be pretty enjoyable to read. The new Spider-Man series - Amazing Spider-Man - are based off of that version. "The Amazing Spider-Man" featured an appealingly dark tone, which I loved very much. Some people said that the filmmakers "nolanised" the film, just because it's dark. That's just absurd. So Nolan is the only person who has legitimate reason to attach a dark atmosphere into a live-action movie? No, it's not a rip off of Batman trilogy, because while Batman fights crime without making jokes, Spider-Man in these new movies does the exact opposite. Anyways, the film was still pretty good and allowed director Marc Webb to learn some techniques in filmmaking, since the guy has a small track record (only 3 movies, if I'm not mistaken). Man, I was blown away by his directing. Every shot is handed carefully and he seems to understand what the characters are and what they're going to be. That led to the success of the first movie, and after that, I was really looking forward to its sequel. Oh man, what a disappointment. Before I saw the film, I subscribed to a YouTube channel named "SevenWebHeads", which purpose was to literally give latest news about the webslinger and other cool stuff. With each video, I was getting hyped for the film, and more, and more, and even more... until I saw the movie with my friend. Oh my god, I was thrilled. The first time I saw the film I was thrilled and confused at the same time, and I'll explain why I was. Thrilled, because the movie is awesome when it comes to action sequences and special effects. Confused, because the plot of "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" is overstuffed with characters and story arcs. Though I really liked the film and I initially gave it a 9/10. I saw the score on Rotten Tomatoes website drop significantly, until it became a rotten score and I was like shocked. I mean, really? Then I saw the movie multiple times, until I realized that the movie was not that good... unfortunately. However, I don't think it's bad. My god, people really like to jump on the bandwagon and complain about everything. I mean, just because Spider-Man is not in Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) doesn't mean you have to automatically hate this installment and bash it. Some people say that it was terrible. It wasn't terrible, in my opinion. It was decent! Some many youtubers like Mr. Repzion, Yourmoviesucks.DOTorg, and some others hated it and nitpicked the movie to death. I don't judge them because they disliked the movie. I only ask: What is so wrong about this movie? Sure, the story could've been a lot better, some characters were just in the movie to... I don't know their purpose seriously. If Black Cat was mentioned in the newspaper (pretty much like Jameson), that would've been great and it would have spared a character. I mean, what Felicia Hardy is doing in the film. Seriously? She's there because... ah... because...... I don't know, seriously. I think they wanted to tease the upcoming installments, but it was so unnecessary. With that being said, yes, the movie has a lot of flaws and writing issues, but there's also some redeeming qualities attached to it like for instance, the cast is phenomenal. Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone are so cute together, they have such great chemistry, but that's not only because they're dating in real life but because these actors know how to perform. In the scene when Gwen Stacy dies, Garfield gives such powerful performance in that scene, making me feel sad for both characters. And Chris Cooper also has some screen time has Norman Osborn and I simply love Dane Dehaan in this movie. Another good thing about this movie is Spider-Man himself. He's much more confident with his abilities than he was in the first movie, he now makes little quips (even if they were unnecessary to the context of the scene) and he's even more agile Now, the action. When I first saw the movie, right in the beginning of it, in the chase scene, I felt like I was watching the classic Spider-Man cartoon and that was just awesome. Final Score to The Amazing Spider-Man 2: 6/10. This movie isn't half bad. Sure, there's overabundance of characters and subplots, too much product placement and a bloated runtime, but overall, it was pretty enjoyable and even if the movie didn't fulfill your expectations, at least you have to give credit for Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone performances.VictorAmericanG	10	May 20, 2014	
This movie its amazing! Gwen was so fantastic, Peter has a great relaction ship whit her, and they explored all the ways to show it, really, was amazing.. I hope Mary Jane will be cool for him
Liebstrom	6	May 13, 2014	Spectacular acting and good chemistry along with well plotted action scenes that bring Spider Man to life are marred by cliches, painfully slow moments and a cluttered plot. Spider Man 2 is a great film if you feel like action, but there are huge gaps which will put you to sleep. While the film was a daunting task to put Harry Osborn in the story as well as character development for Gwen Stacy, Max Dillon, and Aunt May, it could have been better in a few respects.JokerProduction	7	May 13, 2014	Special effects were outstanding and the 3D IMAX experience was well worth the extra money for the big action sequences. This film also re-created one of the most memorable scenes in comic book history. In my opinion they did it justice, but that is all I will say on the matter. The action was a bit lacking, compared to other Spidey films. There was a lot more talking than one would expect in this type of movie and there was definitely about a one hour lull of zero action. But with all that taken into account, I enjoyed the movie as a fan of the comics and a lifelong "film buff". My little brother (11), also enjoyed the movie and seeing his face light up in amazement during the opening scenes was well worth the price of admission.Murdocdelrey	6	May 10, 2014	I just saw The Amazing Spider Man 2, and it was what I expected, another Amazing Spider Man movie that is nowhere near the quality of the Raimi films. I thought it was ok. It was a bit better than the first Amazing Spider Man but only just. I could where the reviewers were coming from when they said that it was filled with references that were only put in so that they could set up the plot for The Sinister Six Movie. I think is what ruined the ending a bit for me. I thought it had a strong scene towards the end which I won't spoil but then after that it was another 10 minutes and then it actually ended with spider man about to defeat the rhino, but believe me I ain't spoiling the ending by saying that. I should also add that Paul Giamatti was crap in this and I'm glad he was only in it for about four minutes. Electro was pretty underused, if they had based the film more on him, I think it may have turned out to be way more enjoyable but he ended up just being a minion for Harry Osborn , who looks so stupid in the brief moments that he's Green Goblin in this. Overall, a film that you can clearly see could have been a really good installment in the franchise but is dragged down by Some terrible jokes, plot set ups and the rhino with machine guns. If you want to see a good Marvel movie right, you have to see Winter Soldier. Hopefully it's still showing in your local cinema as it is way better than this mess.igortoffoli	6	May  6, 2014	
This is not a good movie, it is really nice to see Spider-man better than never, the music is great, but it is not a really good movie. If you enjoy what those happy movies, that you leave the movie theater smiling, you will enjoy this movie!
AVTRlover	8	May  7, 2014	Personally, I thought this to be much more interesting than the reboot. It was about neck and neck with the reboot overall in my eyes, however. I preferred the villains of Electro and Green Goblin more than The Lizard of the reboot. I also thought that this portrayal of Green Goblin was better than that of the original, even though in the comics, Norman is the Green Goblin and Harry is the New Goblin which are different instead of Harry being the Green Goblin.RafyeldeWyoming	9	May  9, 2014	I really loved what Marc Webb is trying to do here, the movie started to get a darker tone very early, showing scenes of Max all burned and suffering, also the Harry Osborne we saw here, at least for me was more villain like than James Franco's, Putting Rhyno in the movie was a complete waste of time, that was my only complain, it made the movie longer when it was not necessary. To close the deal with the darker tone was the last 20 minutes with the creepy looks Goblin and Gwen Stacy that raises my score from a 7 to a 9, Comic fans will enjoyed how well put together that scene was.moviebuffmike	7	May  9, 2014	
A very solid popcorn flick. It deals with the same problems I had with Spiderman 3 but, to a lesser extent. it is somewhat convultuted. They way pack WAY too much into this one movie but, it's still a good one.
jbp	10	May 12, 2014	I avoided the trailer before I saw this much needed reboot from the Tobey McGuire Spiderman so that I could be as blown away during the movie as possible.  It was well worth it.  There are 3 essential reasons why a reboot was necessary.  1. In the first version, Peter Parker hardly ever used his scientific wit to do anything.  He didn't have to create web shooters, he didn't have to come up with any formulas or do any experiments - everything was handed to him and he just muscled his way through.  In this installment he continually uses his mind.  2. Humor.  Tobey McGuire was a corny nerd; Andrew Garfield is actually cool and funny.  3.  Spiderman's powers.  People don't quite understand that Spiderman is one of, if not, the most powerful superhero ever created.  Youtube "Spiderman vs. Batman Death Battle" and you'll see why.  This installment does a good job of capturing this.  With all this being said, The Amazing Spider Man 2 deserves a top grade in my book.  The amount of enemies are necessary for him 1. because Oscorp is a villian making machine because of its years and years of cover ups and experiments; 2. because only this amount of characters can convey the type of burden he has to carry in respect to the amount of power he has.  Another awesome thing this story does is tie in Peter Parker's parents; something that has never been done before.  This alone should make people extremely excited.  It gives Peter Parker a new sense of Destiny and Responsibility and plays well into his humanity.  The movie also conveys how well the main character has bought into his responsibility and how he hopes to impact the people of New York personally.  Each turn of the movie reveals something new about Peter, his powers, Oscorp, his relationship, his parents, etc - there is never a dull moment.  The version NAILS who Peter Parker/Spider Man is and everything he is supposed to be.  As an avid Spider Man fan I give this movie a top rating.wordev	7	May 12, 2014	
The movie entertains, but does end up all over the place hardly any action, until the end more a teenager romance film than a superhero film, these new films are missing something Raimi's did.
Venomq7	5	May 15, 2014	
Yes, it was fun to watch, action sequences were amazing and the performances by leading actors were strong but the problem lies in sub-plots overhaul that leads to lack of character development.
MarsRatings	4	May 16, 2014	Don't get me wrong the graphics and the way editing technology has been used for this movie is great but the movie JUST BORED ME. I know the views have been mostly positive but the movie seemed to drag on for too long, also the end scene with the rhino fight I fought was the WORST CLIFFHANGER ever even though they show that scene in the trailer I find that element misleading. The trailer looked amazing so I went to go and watch the movie but I was too disappointed and considering leaving at many points of the film. I have to say this is the worst Spiderman movie made so far I think although this is MY OPINION. Many of my friends have said they enjoyed it but I just could not see why. I would not recommend this movie a waste of time and money.cigarillored	5	May 16, 2014	Can someone please pay-off Sony and get the rights back to Marvel? Sony is killing Spidey, and I'm just dreading the day I'm not even the slightest bit interested in the next Spiderman movie, which is fast approaching if Avi Arad has anything to do with it. Don't get me wrong -- Andrew Garfield is perfect. He was a great choice. But let's give him better material. This movie has three villains, played by three talented actors. And yet they all sucked. And wasn't the whole underlying point of this film just a rehash of the first one? i.e. if some crazed psycho wants to kill you, your preppy girlfriend is not the ideal choice of sidekick. In fact, it's better if he doesn't know about her at all, don't you think?Incendid	6	May 17, 2014	I really didn't know what to think of this movie it was poorly edited, the villains were cramped in and the story started out alright but then was just rushed for the latter part of the film and i predicted everything in this film. But there was some light, the acting, the only good part of the movie, Garfield suited Spider-Man and played Parker well, Emma Stone was great but Paul Giamatti as Rhino, the wrong decision, he was only on screen for a few minutes as rhino and he really did not suit the part i was almost laughing just at how over the top he was making the rhino look, so i feel someone else would have better suited the role of Rhino. Anyway, moving along the foreshadowing seen in one scene later in the film revealed that we may see the sinister six in the next installment of the Amazing Spider-Man series- i really do hope they go along with this. Anyway on to the negative aspects of the film- the editing, horrible the film was so jumbled it was making the editing from Dead Man Down look good. There would be an action scene and then it would flick to an out of the place scene not serving any story or actually anything purposeful. And now the story- the most predictable story ever, there was no surprises- NONE, i was bored when there wasn't action and even then some action scenes were just poorly written. And now finally the extremely strange scene where Spider-Man shoots a web which has a hand at the end of it, there is some symbolism here (as he just about to save someone and it is as if he is reaching out for them, and lending his hand- stupid because Spider-Man is a superhero, and i would expect this from a superhero)but this scene is just pointless, stupid and actually a bit embarrassing and it really did ruin the movie for me. To conclude the movie had limited ups and some good moments but for the most part it was a pile of predictable junk. 6/10SimonSays18	7	May 17, 2014	
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 offers plenty of impressive special effects and thrilling action, and its leads are as endearing as ever, though an unnecessarily crowded plot keeps it from consistently reaching the heights of its predecessor.
fernandosouz7	7	May 17, 2014	This movie has the most beautiful special effects of all super heros' movies ever. However, the screenplay try to simplificate the worng things, like the villains' origins; and they didn't separate the Spider man' personality from Peter Parker', so we always see the spidy's personality even without the fantasy. Finally, the movie has a amazing appearance but a awful screenplay (Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone takes Peter and Gwen' relationship to a new level, a great one).DCS	4	May 18, 2014	I like Spider-Man, just not this one.  To open the movie with a villain ramming and running over cars, which would cause death and destruction to their drivers, Our "Hero"  cracks jokes and does very little to actually stop the vehicle.  Aquick webbing of the driver would have saved lives.  However the director thought we needed EXCESSIVE comic relief.  The COMIC relief never stops. The body language of the "Hero" is just goofy.  I will never get the image of the "Hero" walking around out of my mind.  When he does all I can see is a CLOWN walking around in swim fins.  Another point to be made is how to continuously make a kiss shared by a couple, that is so in love, look awkward.  They are a couple in REAL LIFE, they know how to kiss.  By the end of the movie I just wanted him to go away and villainy to win.  I am sad for Stan Lee and what Sony has done.  Be Strong Stan Lee, someone will save the image of Spider-Man and make him a believable hero again.1234okthere	7	May 19, 2014	There were a lot of things that I really liked about the film, especially Garfield and Stone's chemistry and the impressive CGI effects. But the film really lacked character development, especially for Harry Osborne and Max Dillion/Electro. I also think that the plot was really jumbled and inconsistent, jumping from a huge special effects infused showdown to a dialogue driven scene between Garfield and Stone's characters. The film overall does a lot right, but it is weighed down by some huge plot holes and incontinent changes in tone. But if you really liked The Amazing Spider-Man or are just a fan overall, you'll definitely enjoy the film despite its flaws.silvershields	9	May 19, 2014	It amazes me (pun not intended) how people claim the movie was boring and packed with too many characters. The action and drama made it far from boring. The chemistry between Garfield and Stone was fantastic (it should be considering their real-life romance, but still...); to the people who disagree, you must not know what chemistry is between a loving couple...perhaps you should enter into a relationship such as that, the writing was very good (Electro's cliched villainous remarks aside, but he IS a villain after all), and the storyline was strong. As for over-abundance of characters...how so? Spider-Man/Peter Parker? Necessary. Gwen Stacy? Necessary. Aunt May? Necessary. Harry Osborn/Green Goblin? Necessary for foreshadowing future events. Electro? You have to pick a villain; he's as a good as any, and he's fresh. Rhino?  He was intended as a minor addition--if anyone is a true comic fan, they know heroes often defeat a villain in a few panels at the beginning of an issue, only to face a more dangerous villain throughout the rest of the issue. Norman? Absolutely necessary, but he was (unfortunately) barely in the film. The Parkers? They furthered the plot. Felicia? She was not relevant, but she was hardly detracting. The board members? They were peripheral, but relevant. If you look at the last Spider-Man movie, there was Uncle Ben, Flash, Lizard, other students. The original Spider-Man had Mary Jane in Gwen's place and Betty Brant in Felicia's place. And there was Jameson. How exactly was THAT not an over-abundance? The reality is, the film was excellent--it instilled a sense of pathos (which any story MUST do) with the conclusion, and truly wrenched at my heart strings, even though I've read the original comics and knew what would happen. I would not have changed a thing except perhaps give Electro a few better lines.superblablo	7	May 20, 2014	
This is an interesting story with many new characters. The performances of the main characters were actually good and you can feel the quemistry between Peter and Gwen but the movie fails in the way the story is told: it is too short and the evil characters are not described as much as they should.
theBJK	5	May 22, 2014	You know what? I don't know what to say about this movie, because it's not BAD, it's strange. First,i don't want to spoiler anything, i'll just say that kids won't like this movie. It happens a thing really traumatizing about one of the main character. Some of the kids went out the cinema after that scene. And second, in the trailer is a fake: some scenes of the trailer aren't in the movie and that really disappointed me. Also the villains aren't cool or bad at all. And there are a lot of mistakes in the storyline. But the reasons that made me hate this movie are all the cliches like the german mad scientist. Really, a german mad scientist.LucasAmancio	5	May 23, 2014	
It is a visually beautiful film, but only that. The film errs in the choice of villains and their motivations, which are futile and nothing plausible. Here is not seen the true essence of the hero, and gives me the guarantee of a better future with Spider Man.
