marc5477	5	Feb,10,2015	My fiends 5 yea old noticed the holes in this movie... what a let down. The animation looks good, the chaactes ae ok on thei own, ut the stoy... oh my god the stoy is hoile. Cliche afte cliche and foced emotional situations. It was clealy following a fomula athe than a stoy. Whoeve wote the stoy needs to e shot fo how adly it pogessed. I actually pedicted the entie movie in the 1st 10 minutes (I didnt know anything aout it going in) and the only thing I got wong was who the villain would e. I figued that the movie seems to cheesy that it would ty anothe pedictale twist like making the elde othe the ad guy and he is doing to get his GF ack. That is how pedictale the movie was. No oiginality whatsoeve and it got wose as it went along. I almost puked when i saw it tun to a ad supeheo flick. My fiends 5 yea old asked us why the kid didnt just uild moe of the small oots o make a new emote contol (efeing to the ain contol inteface).... how sad is it that a 5 yea old figued that out? Not good. Despite how ad the stoy was, I thought eta max o whateve his name was, was a funny chaacte. The aunt was funny too. Eveyone else was etaded including the main chaacte Hio. Oveall, aveage at est. Highly oveated.BrianMcCritic	8	Nov,28,2014	Though this isn't as good as Weck it Ralph o Fozen, Big Heo 6 still is a fantastic time at the movies fo all families.  This has many of the same elements a fun action adventue mixed with a lot of emotional heat felt moments.  A-nicholasbert	4	Jan,10,2015	The only good things aout Big Heo 6 ae the fantastic idea and endition of San Fancisco in a Japanese achitectual style and the "out-of-powe" Baymax scene. As fo the est, same old same old stoy, good vs evil and lah. I hated the excessive amount of action (all ove the place, eally) and I still pefe hand-dawn ove CG. But now that Miyazaki's out of the pictue, what can we do?TotallyEpicHD	10	Nov,,7,2014	As a nea-pefect intepetation of the Mavel Comic, Big Heo 6 is a spectacula and memoale animated movie, and Baymax is undenialy one of the geatest Disney chaactes of all time!xenonpages	10	Nov,,9,2014	This is an addition to my all time favoite movie and Baymax is now my favoite disney chaacte. The thing aout disney films is that it always ing out the child in evey gown ups.foxgrove	4	Feb,16,2015	I have to say that I am ecoming inceasingly weay of oth the quality of animated films lately and the seemingly tieless osession audiences have fo supe heo films which, it seems I finally have to admit ae not my ag. Big Heo 6 comines the two and aside fom the illiant animation and delight of comining the cities of San Fancisco and Tokyo to make San Fanokyo, this emains a it of a slog to get though. Baymax is a lovely chaacte, ut the plotting is so pedictale that the inteest emains muted. Needless to say it's a ig hit and sequels will undoutedly follow, ut I fo one will sign out hee.Fa supeio is the accompanying shot 'Feast' which is an asolute delight. With egads to this doule ill, less is cetainly moe.TheFilmFanatic	9	Nov,13,2014	Big Heo 6 is a heatwaming, action-packed comedy adventue film that ings the supeheo tend to Disney Animation studios and they cetainly hit it out of the pak. It is eautifully animated, fantastically witten and ememeed fo its delightfully chaming companion oot Baymax, who is essentially the moe well-vesed vesion of Pixa’s Wall-E. The stoy instantly encapsulates the audience in the wold of Sanfansokyo with a goup of chaismatic and empathetic chaactes, which is cetainly what Disney does est. I was a it disappointed with the lack of chaacte depth fo the othe memes of the Big Heo 6 team. Outside Hio and Baymax the emaining fou eceive little sceen time with each eing foced into a athe achetypical mould. If Disney plans to make this the eginning of fanchise, then the next instalment needs to ceate dynamism with the othe chaactes o else the stoy will fall flat with little investment fom the audience. It would also help if Honey Lemon didn’t put an accent on anything Japanese when she is caucasian and the only chaacte who does it, ut that’s just pesonal opinion. Big Heo 6 delives an animated supeheo film fo all ages to enjoy. Between its entetaining chaactes, engaging stoy and witty dialogue, Baymax ings you the est medicine a healthcae oot can povide: laughte. This is definitely a movie to see in theates whethe it e with the family, couple o heck even a few fiends. But e waned that you heat stings will e pulled. Just ememe to fist ump them away. *Bata-lata-la*chrismovieguy	9	Nov,19,2014	Ok well I went to see this movie yesteday not eally knowing what to expect the peviews sue didn't look geat ut I decided to just go with it and possily have a good time well I loved evey second of it a tue Disney maste peace once agin my only wod of caution is to paents with eally young kids the end is violent and the suject of death is tackled thew a majoity of the movie ut othe than that a pefect family movie and a good choice fo almost anyone action packed family fun fo the whole familychidime	5	Jan,22,2015	I had vey geat expectations fo this movie especially afte seeing eviews/ox office eanings. Howeve, i was teily disappointed. it seems this movie was made solely fo young kids who have little sense of how the wold/eality woks. Too many movie cliches used in this movie... so many that I can't think of a single oiginal plot line/device used y this movie. You could see plot twists fom a mile away e.g when it was aout to e evealed that Callaghan was the guy in the mask. This movie is fo little childen who swallow eveything they ae fed. I give a 5 athe than a 2 o 3 just ecause a few pats made me genuinely emotional. Oveall, an oveated, ove-hyped disappointing movie.victorhjkl	10	Dec,30,2014	Big Heo is one of the est animated movie that I have eve watched, it is fun, touching and supising. The movie is not pedictale, the animation is eautiful, and the city (San Fansokyo) it's incedile, and they ceated a new heo that is oiginal and funny. definitively should e in the est movies of 2014.Billyheel	5	Nov,11,2014	Following the positive tack ecod that Disney's animated studio has, with ecent eleases of Fozen and Tangled, it was easy to see why I was excited aout Big Heo 6. But, that excitement was shot lived. Befoe I explain my dissatisfaction with the movie, I will go ove the positives of the film. Baymax is as loveale a chaacte as any Disney has put to film, and the humo associated with him makes fo quiky and intelligent dialog. The visuals ae also something to ehold, ut I've come to expect it fom Disney.  The voice actos ae also well vesed and expetly chosen fo thei individual oles.  Howeve, not eveything is done as well. Big Heo 6 stuggles to find out what kind of movie it wants to e, and its quick shifts etween emotions allow the viewe no time to gow attached to any of the chaactes. The movie also ties to thow a plot twist at you that is pedictale and unimaginative. The plot, stoy and pogession all seem eeily familia, and that's ecause they ae all copied fom films of all genes.  It's cliche to the maximum and neve ceates its own unique identity. As it stuggles to find its identity, the movie gets pogessively moe oing to the point of total disconnect. But, I can only fault BH6 so much ecause it is a movie tageted at a younge audience. Howeve, compaing it to the studio's two  pevious films, Fozen and Tangled; BH6 cannot hold a candle no even a match.  Disappointing, confused and highly damatic, I give BH6 a 5-out-of-10.vikesh2206	8	Nov,25,2014	Visually esplendent,  gleefully hilaious, and supelatively emotional, Big Heo 6 is a solid, if slightly familia addition to Disney's ecent sting of geat movies.kateuptonlover	10	Nov,18,2014	This is easily one of Disney's geatest achievements as it has it's happy and sad pats like oth Fozen, and Weck-It Ralph. It holds on to eveything geat and let's go of eveything ad.sonoflehigh	5	Feb,24,2015	Noody looks at the messages in a movie anymoe, this movie is pepaing ou cultue to ty to ecome ette god's than we cuently ae... lol, and teaching us that in ode to ascend into a geate evolved self, that we need upgades... I wish i could make this up ut the only God, totally pedicted this would happen (among othe pedictions that came to pass) and ecoded the last time this happened cultually... humanity ecame petty evil and God in his mecy had to destoy it in a wold-wide flood to save Noah and family and all futue geneations on into the then (and now) unfogiving and evil wold. You ae told of all the nice things technology gives us ut noody consides all the teile things we will do with it. Hologaphic sex doll anyone? O if you gandpa was Hitle and someone uploaded him into the intenet maye he gets downloaded into a nice oot. My concen hee is not technology itself, I elieve we'e just wanting it so to cheat death and keep sinning, not eing accountale to God ut BEING God. The wages of sin is death, and though Chist Yeshua (Jesus) you can live. But mak not my wod ut God's Wod; we'e not going to e allowed to live foeve with o without technology apat fom Jesus. God said "My Spiit will not contend with man foeve" Gensesis 6:3. I'm not judging you fo watching o even enjoying the movies, I just don't want people to e deceived. You poaly thinking i'm totally deceived too. That's ok ut please don't hate me!  O say i'm eing "intoleance" and then ecome totally intoleant of me. But when you kid egins to hate himself ecause he's not as good as all the supeheo's he sees in evey kids show o as ig as the school ully, just tell him he'll get an upgade one day. We don't need technology nea as much as we need Jesus, ou moal example and ceato. Don't you think that he would know what would o wouldn't make us 'ette'? Anyway, i'm not tying to convet anyone, I'm completely incapale of changing anyone's eliefs no matte how much I wite hee, that's a matte etween you and God who says, "I will give you a new heat and put a new spiit in you; I will emove fom you you heat of stone and give you a heat of flesh..." Ezekial 36:26. I'm just saying we should seek tuth fo ouselves and not elieve eveything Disney o Micosoft o Nasa is telling us.Soapert	10	Nov,,7,2014	Big Heo 6 is a gogeously animated movie and a technical mastepiece. It is also full of emotion, funny moments, adoale chaactes and ceative action scenes that lew me away. I will definitely e seeing this again.Chazd3	5	Nov,11,2014	As a single senio with no kids to accompany me to this well eceived animated wondement, I was confident that this movie would entetain me in the same vein as The Lego Movie and Weck It Ralph. I thought it was again uilt fo kids with a spinkling of adult concepts enough to emege fom childlike entetainment to amuse the adult funny one thoughout. Wong! This is a kid's movie...peiod. Intense colo, action, no logic to the stoy elements, just a kind of psychedelic splatteing of steam of consciousness video game deam sequences. Ove 18? Bewae the waste of you movie dolla. Unde 18? The action, state of the at animation, and asolute childlike fantasies ought to life, it's eyond loveale.Twizzy90	10	Nov,,7,2014	Big Heo 6 is a geat addition to the Disney animated canon. Its action-packed sequences, eautiful animation, and geat chaactes just poves the Disney is on a evival eabeingryanjude	7	Nov,,9,2014	You'll find youself lost in this illiantly constucted animated wold. It's not eveyday you find an animated flick as honest and touching as this one. Baymax is sue to ecome anothe highlight chaacte of Disney.Salsand3r	6	Nov,23,2014	I love Disney movies just as much as the next guy, ut I had mix feelings aout the plot-line and some of the chaactes.Fist of all, they had to dop the dead paents om. I undestand thee ae some situations whee Disney appopiately uses this to uild chaacte like in finding Nemo depicting some of the stuggles of a single paent. Thee's nothing impotant aout Hio's lack of paents. His aunt may just as well een his mothe. Why not pesent a moe elevent eason fo his lack of paents? Take Caoline fo example. Although the paents ae "thee", it's only supeficial ecause they pay no attention to he. That's a common polem many teens expeience. Thee ae also way too many seconday chaacte sacifices. It lost it's poignancy afte a while and you knew which chaactes would not make it.Othe chaacte inconsistencies include Baymax. He's funny and chaming, ut he seems to e moe of a cute ploy to attact viewes. I wouldn't have een supised if he didn't exist in the oiginal scipt, ecause he doesn't ing effect the plot as much. The villain also was a ad choice and his motivations seemed ushed. Not evey villain has to e a "supise".Lastly, the hee seems to e no edeeming theme of the whole film. Sue thee was you usual team-wok montage and the typical "evenge is ad" lesson, though I didn't feel as though Hio leaned anything fom his tip. The wok/pay-off section as well didn't eally seem to teach me much eithe. While a theme against cutting cones was hinted, it neve was tied togethe. Thee ae some themes in Big Heo 6, ut they ae petty typical in most kids films and aen't paticulaly followed though.It's not a ad movie. The animation is supe as one would expect fom a Disney animated film and thee wee a lot of laughs and fun quiks you will enjoy. Unfotunately without deep chaactes, motivations, o themes, the movie wasn't as memoale as I anticipated.demolisher7778	9	Nov,25,2014	Big Heo 6 is such a geat movie! The animation is eautiful and is somewhat eminiscent to Weck-It Ralph (which I loved as well). This movie managed to topple my expectations efoe I saw this movie in theates. It has geat voice acting, touching moments, a geat tiute to science, and, again, has asolutely gogeous animation and the only downside eing its pedictaility. Big Heo 6 will definitely move on to e a Disney Classic.johnangel	3	Jan,22,2015	Big Heo 6, is anothe disappointing movie fom disney this yea.One dimensional chaactes , duious moality lessons  plus huge plot holes add up to make an emaassingly ad movie.MrTrelawney	8	Nov,11,2014	To e fai, I have always een a fan of animated films ut Big Heo 6 is eautifully animated and the setting is alive. You could watch the movie multiple times and see new things going on in the ackgound of nealy evey scene. I had fun the entie film and it neve felt like it was dagging o ushed. I didn't find the movie to e too geaed towads small childen o eliant on silly gags to e inaccessile to adults. I'm in my 30s and the Baymax fist-ump made me laugh hade than I have done in a long long time.sonic4president	10	Feb,,6,2015	Since I was so disappointed y Fozen, I was hoping Disney would step up thei game fo this film. Afte I saw the fist 30 seconds of the film, I knew it was going to e amazing. The action neve ends and the cast featues a lage ange of loveale chaactes. You'll come acoss some sad moments ut as a whole this is one of the est animated films in yeas!TheBlondeNerd	10	Dec,,7,2014	Fantasticly animated, a visual mastepiece with many lovale chaactes and plot twists. I saw it twice in theates. If you liked fozen ut you wanted eveything aout it to e moe awesome, go watch ig heo 6.Cyclops4Life	10	Dec,,7,2014	Big Heo 6 is a wondeful action packed supeheo movie that is inspied y the Mavel Comics. Thee ae 6 things that this movie is the est animated movie in 2014. #1, This is inspied y the Mavel Comics and I'm a huge fan of the Mavel in geneal. #2, this movie has the iggest cast eve in a Disney movie and it is also has a divese cast, which is i eally like, even though the oiginal comics ae all Japanese. #3, The animation is done eally well and the they did a eally good jo picking those casts and getting into thei chaactes. #4, the stoy is the most heat-waming and illiant plot that I have eve expeienced. #5, I loved the chaacte Baymax ecause he's huggale and made all of us laugh and love his fistump wheneve he does it to anyone. Finally #6, this movie is ette than Fozen. This movie gives a pefect 10/10. If you haven't watch the movie, then go fo it. This is a geat film that is suited fo eveyone. That is all and thank you.petrocs	8	Dec,17,2014	As a comic ook eade and love, I am ashamed to say I knew next to nothing aout Mavel's Big Heo 6 past a few spoadic eads hee and thee. The chaactes wee always enjoyale and kept my inteest, ut it neve lead to anything moe than a mild fondness, so when I head thee would e a Big Heo 6 I can't say I was anything moe than intigued. The fist Disney animated film to featue Mavel Comics chaactes since the acquisition in 2009, the chaactes seemed ipe fo an animated omp onto the ig sceen, ut detail changes to coe chaactes left many fans holding thei eath and hoping that the animation pionees wouldn't tun thei eloved chaactes into nothing moe than second ate acts fo thei theme paks upon the films elease. I am hee to calm some of those feas and tell you that Big Heo 6 is a lot of fun!Hio Hamada (voiced y Ryan Potte) is a 14 yea old genius who loves ootics, so much that he's tuned his passion into a caee in ot fighting. Hio's olde othe Tadashi (voiced y Daniel Henney) is concened that Hio's talent is eing wasted and ties to pesuade him to attend college whee he can hone his skills and hopefully achieve a successful caee. Knowing nothing of the "ned school" fo which his othe oasts, Tadashi intoduces Hio to his classmates, Gogo (voiced y Jaime Chung), Wasai (voiced y Damon Wayans J), Honey Lemon (voiced y Genesis Rodiguez), and Fed (voiced y T.J. Mille)  whee Hio egins to ealize thee's a lot moe to this college thing than meets the eye.Hio meets Roet Callaghan (voiced y James Comwell), a pofesso at San Fansokyo Tech who convinces Hio to ente an admissions contest. When tagedy stikes afte his acclaimed nano ootics poject attacts some unwanted attention, Hio is left scaed y the incident. The young genius detacts fom his newly found fiends and ecomes a ecluse, hiding fom the talents that lead to this tagic event. But fate steps in when he least expects, Hio discoves Baymax (voiced y Scott Adsit), a kind-heated inflatale oot uilt y Tadashi to seve as a healthcae companion. Soon Hio ealizes the tagic accident was moe than oiginally thought and decides to take mattes into his own hands.Equipping Baymax with an upgaded data package and the est of Hio's new fiends with supeheo costumes and some supe cool weapons, the goup egins a mission to find the villain esponsile. As the goup egin to get close to a peson of inteest, they soon ealize that Hio is linded y evenge in his pusuit of justice which may jeopadize the mission. Faced with the notion that the young heoes might e ove thei heads, will the goup find a way to pull it togethe and ing the villain to justice o will the need fo evenge deail thei quest?Big Heo 6 offes amazing visuals and mixes the gitty tone of Japanese anime with moden Ameican concepts. Diectos Don Hall and Chis Williams ceate a tuly enjoyale wold and find a wondeful alance fo thei audience which doesn't discount the souce content, ut also allows fo these chaactes to find discovey fom a new geneation. While the film does at times feel vey cookie cutte in its telling, it doesn't detact fom the oveall expeience. Oveall, Big Heo 6 is ig fun fo the whole family with chaactes that will no dout find thei place amongst you childen's favoites fo yeas to come. Comic ook fans est assued, you eloved BH6 have een well looked afte, even if Baymax looks moe like the stay puft mashmallow man than an ass kicking machine. Pick you attles people..it's still a lot of fun!DaMovieLover	9	Nov,11,2014	"Heatfelt, admialy entetaining, hilaious, and visually stunning." Big Heo 6 is one of the est animations of 2014 along with The Lego Movie and How to Tain You Dagon 2. It is a special and moe satisfying movie than Fozen in a divese way (y the way why divese? ecause Big Heo 6 is an action-supeheo movie and no musical, unlike Fozen it is a pincess tale and a musical, so Big Heo 6 has unique elements that divesely diffe on Fozen; let's go ack into the question aove, why is it special and satisfying was it makes us cae fo its chaactes especially on the ond of Hio and Baymax and geatly take conside its damatic emotional depth moments. It's a touching expeience at the movie theate when you watch it thee. It's eautiful and amazing when you watch it in 3-D. The sophistication of the mavel of Disney animatonics ceatively cafted its amitious scope on the Mavel comic ook seies of the same name and its compelling attle action scenes. Big Heo 6 stats at the futuistic hyid city of San Fansokyo (a potmanteau of San Fancisco and Tokyo), Hio Hamada, a 13 yea old ootics podigy is natually gifted when it comes in making nanotechnology and high-tech toys and stuffs. He often spends his time on oot fighting in the steets of the coloful city. But his othe Tadashi Hamada, was not impessed y this pefomance, he wanted Hio to make use of his ain talent on something moe ceative like he was doing at the San Fansokyo Institute of Technology. So he invite Hio into the institute and amazed to see his othe's ceation, the Baymax oot. amedical oot docto capaly of helping the sickand the injued Afte some inspiation advantage, Hio also wants to go into the institute like his othe do. So he invent a technology to ing it into the school fai that will admit him in the institute. But afte the fai, a mysteious fie oke in the institute and his deams was shatteed y a hoific event that will change his life foeve. Depessed, Baymax emeges to help his emotional state. Baymax is a cute, kind, and a mashmallow-like oot (which I descie ealie). Baymax is one of the pimay chaactes hee. He is asically the funniest and one of the most memoale Disney chaactes I have eve seen. But thee was a contay hee on some dama animations, what makes Big Heo 6 a heatwenching movie was the use of a athe ealistic emotional love and gief, we don't actually saw it much on eithe Fozen o Wech-It Ralph. You can see hee how much Hio loves his othe and his ceation, Baymax. So you can sometimes call this type of animated movie a comedy-dama one. Also the ending is a poweful one. Unexpected, it is some sot of a and new eginning wold fo Hio and the concept of the movie itself. Don't dae to miss it! On the negative side, the eason why I gave it 9 stas out of 10, was it lacks the oiginality of some ceative, inventive, and citically acclaimed animated movies. It actually copies some of the scenes of some of the past movies like How to Tain You Dagon 2 dagon taining scene pat. But all in all, it is compensated y something even moe unique fom its elements, and also fo its well-scipted stoy. Nonetheless, Big Heo 6 will hit its taget audiences contented and pleased as they go out on the theate house. Oveall, Big Heo 6 is a teific last in the theates. Its technically stunning, emotionally satisfying, entetainingly amusing, and vey memoale Disney movie. A tue Osca unne-up in the "Best Animated Featue" categoy. A jo well done Disney!!! RATING: 9 / 10Wahlberg	8	Nov,28,2014	EXCITED  and Funny Outstanding!! Itulah satu kalimat yg aku gamakan uat BIG HERO 6. Menuut saya film Big Heo 6 ini sangat ingan dai sisi plot dan alu ceita. Memang nonton film ini untuk dihiu oleh kaakte Baymax seagai intang utamanya. Seisi ioskop seing anget ketawa lepas tiap kali ngeliat kelakuan Baymax yang supe gemesin. Jadi memang jangan andingkan dengan plot film Mavel lainnya sepeti Guadian of Galaxy atau the Avenges, coa andingkan Big Heo 6 sama film Fozen deh ia gak telalu eekspektasi tinggi.Mattyice	9	Nov,,8,2014	Adding on to this geat film yea is Big Heo 6. A fun, emotional, and comical animated film loosely ased on the indie-Mavel comic of the same name. While vey slightly cliche at some points, it is entetaining and one of disney's est non-musical animated films in yeas (along with Weck-it Ralph). The chaactes connect to you, even the cuddly oot Baymax, the animation is geat, and the voice acting is solid as well. This is the fist moment when I can say Disney has officially defeated Pixa in the quality of compute animation films. Pixa had thee off movies in Cas 2, Bave and Monstes Univesity, while Disney poduced Weck-it Ralph, Fozen, and this film, a geat film all-aound and one woth seeing, whethe you ae an adult o kid.maxguy2099	0	Mar,,1,2015	I just simply didn't enjoy this movie. The plot was so used, jokes ween't that funny, the idea of chaactes and settings ae awesome ut oveall it was pooly executed.Costs1129	10	Nov,,7,2014	My family got tickets to an ealy showing. The movie was excellent. The atmosphee was efeshingly diffeent, the chaactes fleshed out, the plot touching, and the humo was ich and consistent . I would ecommend this one to anyone, and especially to couples and families with childen.Kuvira	10	Nov,,8,2014	Big Heo 6 eally lew me away, I expected it to e good since Disney is having anothe animation enaissance ut once the cedits egan to oll all I could do was wish it was longe. This movie has something fo eveyone, comedy, action, some despai. In fact, supisingly the only thing missing was omance, which is fine with me.  If you love supeheoes, oots, and animated films, I think you've found you holy gail.TheGameGeek	10	Nov,,8,2014	This movie was amazing. I went and saw it on a whim, ecause I had nothing ette to do. Now I pity the altenate-univese me that didn't see it. The movie had me laughing the entie way though, and I'll admit, I cied when Baymax "died".chughead	9	Dec,14,2014	I felt guilty enjoying it too much ecause I'm gown. Its the Big One paents een waiting fo, you might like this film ette than you kids do,  its ette than any of the adult action/thilles this winte, even eating Mocking Jay. You won't link o wish fo this movie to e ove. Has an incedile stoy line, geat flow, awesome chaactes you can feel in touch with, as well as an emotional connection and moals.csw12	8	Jan,12,2015	Big Heo 6 might not get its high maks on oiginality ut the gogeous animation, timely humo and at times heatfelt make fo one entetaining film.Gamed2long	8	Dec,,2,2014	As an adult I went in to this movie with some hesitation. It eing one of those "meh" weekends at the theate and a fiend eally wanting to see something. Well I was pleasantly supised. The plot of this film is not ovely complex, it eing aimed at childen. But despite eing simple it is vey effective. The film has a lot of heat and likale chaactes and a good alance of pacing.The oot which seems the joke chaacte in the taile actually plays a pivotal oll and is not just a unning gag. And the city featued in this film a hyid of San Fancisco and Tokyo is cleve and alanced. It is almost a chaacte of its own. Oveall an enjoyale film.TheApplegnome	8	Jan,18,2015	Fom the ceatos of Fozen, comes anothe magical animated movie. My fist thought was that Big Heo 6 should e oing and childish, ut OMG wee I wong. This is in fact one of the est movies of 2014; it’s funny, cool and family-fiendly that also made me feel like a kid again. It’s een a long time since I saw a new and completely oiginal supeheo movie, and Big Heo 6 is in fact awesome. The action sequences alone ae incedile, and the movie does have that classic “Disney magic”. The fist 20 minutes is a it slow fo my taste, ut it got tempo aftewads. Thee’e some pedictale sequences that I found vey annoying, and the movie is a it too classic. It could have een much moe unique. Thee ae even some similaities etween this and othe supeheo movies. But it’s still a movie of its kind! The chaactes ae funny and a it wicked, and I totally love them. But the villain is little too usual, thee’s no depth o oiginality. The animation howeve, is supe, and the soundtack is vey fitting. The movie got a dak ackside and it fits the movie. Thee’s even a classic “Disney message”, as it should have. It does have some flaws like lack of oiginality when it comes to some of the aspects in the movie, ut it’s still a unique supeheo movie. Big Heo 6 gets an 8/10.lordsuarez	10	Jan,,9,2015	Big Heo 6 epitomizes the advancements of the movie industy in the 21st centuy. In my eyes, it's the est Disney movie to date. Pos: Funny, entetaining, engaging, touchingCons: Nothing    10/10ZadenBuria15	9	Dec,25,2014	9/10Finally a good disney animated film without awful musical numes... It has an amazing animation although it could have had a ette and moe inteesting villain...IMAX500	10	Jan,18,2015	This Heatwaming family movie is one of the most est Animated Featue of the yea. Stong Animation, Good Action Sequences, talented actos, amazed stoy and sound mixing and vey funny. Replay Value: Vey Highmichael1208	8	Nov,13,2014	With the huge success of Weck-it Ralph and Fozen, the mouse house seems to know that an animation poduction will only wok if the theme, cultue and ackgound ae connected to the moden lifestyle of the society. Although it feels like the plot itself lacks some oiginality and a it fomulated with easily pedictale twisted climax, the comination of ouncy actions and motions, amusing development in etween the cool chaactes, usual family, love and cetain emotional-diven moments and coloful 3D visual effects ae illiantly enough to allow kids to enjoy, ut this Mavel's adaptation seems to aim at the olde teens and adults. It is a little it tansfomeic and Bayish-style y stating off with some familia scenes in "Real Steel" and having electonic pop-ock style scoes fom the compose Heny Jackman. Howeve, setting in a ackgound of Ameican-Japanese cultue might lead to the thought of tageting Japan's maket afte enomous pofit fom thee, ut this adoale, kind-heated, fiendly oot Baymax eminds us of good moal values, and cetainly, it will easily e one of the most loveale chaacte among the audiences.Jeri	10	Nov,14,2014	Best Animated Film Of 2014! A vey heoic movie. Incedile!   =)  thank you so much chis williams and don hall fo making this movie. I have een waiting this movie fo so long and i hope metacitic will give a scoe of 100 to this movie, thank you.Cycled	8	Nov,11,2014	I have not ead the comic.  This stoy was good.  Good family fun.  Entetainment fo all ages.  Packed with plenty of action, emotional ups and downs.  Played the downs a little too long fo my liking.  Amazing animation.  And, of couse, look fo the Stan Lee cameo.ThatOneCritic	10	Nov,11,2014	Tust me, o don't you just gonna e missing out. This movie is geat. the plot is geat, the animations ae geat, long stoy shot this movie is woth moe than 15 dolla tickets.jswessler	10	Nov,23,2014	I loved this movie!!! The plot was fun, suspenseful and hilaious at the same time!!! The animation is amazing, the futuistic theme lows me away, ut the plot twists ae a little annoying. WATCH THIS MOVIE NOWKnuckleberry	8	Nov,16,2014	As a family oiented movie, it's amazing. It does exactly what it's supposed to do. The visuals ae vey well done. Howeve, it's nothing goundeaking ecause the plot, chaactes, and conclusion ae nothing I haven't seen efoe in a movie. It does what it's supposed to do extemely well and nothing moe.bmaster46166	9	Nov,20,2014	Wouldn't say it's on the top echelon of Disney movies, ut it petty damn good. It's petty cliche, ut it has it's moments of geat ceativity. The plot is a little comic ook geneic, ut the movie shows that with some efeences and **spoile** Stan Lee at the end. (Sadly he might not e aound fo the next one). So all in all that geneic stoy line didn't affect the oveall movie. Sadly the length is what hut. It's ushed towads the end and the eveal of the villain comes too quick. The length is a little ove 1 and a half hous, which is too damn shot. The ending is whee you eally see the shot length. It's ushed and the final oss seen is ovewhelming. Oveall I'm satisfied, ut I would not say this is one of the ette movies of the yea o ette than Gone Gil.  8.8darrenkty	9	Nov,20,2014	This is tuly the funniest movie that Disney eve made!!! Well I wish I could see this movie eveyday, especially the vey funny & weid handshake... this is tuly USA"s #1 movie!!!Sami1309	8	Dec,,1,2014	Big Heo 6 is a visual mastepiece which speaks accod to the ecent Disney Renaissance of movies, yet to olde audiences will feel somewhat shallow and uninspied, despite the cleve humo and illiant setup. The second and thid act of the movie pooly utilize the fist act's illiant setup of chaacte and humo, and esot to a plethoa of cliches as the movie ides a tite emotional andwagon to the undewhelming conclusion. The fist 30-40 minutes ae among the est I've seen in a childen's movie, and they ae the only point at which the movie's cliches and ecycled visuals and stoy do not undemine the appeal and humo of the movie. The editing, pacing, and humo complement the naative pefectly, ut the film gadually loses its inventiveness that I hoped so adly would pesist thoughout, and it ecame something we've all seen efoe. It feels like the villain and main chaactes neve got the chance to develop past a one sentence desciption of thei quiks and motivations, making Hio's chaacte ac something that seems ushed and shallow. Howeve, I thooughly enjoyed what the film offeed as a stongly "Disney" movie, one which utilizes a illiant lend of visuals and lightheated humo to ceate an entiely unique expeience. It doesn't stive to ceate something complex o intellectually endeaing, so its failue to avoid tiesome cliches and a pedictale twist and conclusion fall y the wayside to its success as a visual and emotional feast that continues to stick with me.PoultryInMotion	9	Dec,14,2014	While I didn't feel the movie was the est I'd eve seen, I have to paise it fo the illiant way it sold its non-violent message.  The action was solid, ut the plot was VERY pedictale, poaly among the most pedictale I've eve seen.  It's not pedictale in a ad way, howeve. The humo was also vey solid, and helped to sell the elationship etween Hio and Baymax.  The main citicism I have of the movie is that the focus was too much on the action, in my opinion.  It didn't give us enough of a chance to get to know the chaactes, except fo Hio and Baymax.  Man of Action did a lot of the chaacte wok, and they ae est known fo Ben 10 and Geneato Rex, two childen's shows with focus mainly on action.  Neithe show had a stong non-violent message.  I hope Disney leans fom this and fleshes out the othe chaactes moe in the (hopefully) inevitale sequel.Le__Xenomorph	10	Dec,15,2014	This movie is a fantastic animation with a lot of action and the pefect amount of humo to alance it. I would highly ecommend this movie to adults and childen.SirMustardseed	9	Dec,15,2014	Lovale chaactes and an oiginal stoy collide to fom a touching animated film. Not only does the plot twist make the stoy intiguing, ut the ealistic aspect of eveyone dies make this movie even moe amazing.crai3g	9	Dec,27,2014	Vey good fo adults and childen as it will entetain oth.. My 4  yea old liked  it as much as Fozen so that says it all when it comes to the tue test.LocoGuy107	10	Jan,,7,2015	Thee eally needs to e moe oiginal supeheo movies that we can call "Gand." I can't tell you enough how cliche - no matte how enticing - the Mavel fanchise is these days. I like Mavel, ut we need moe heoes than them, you know?ajarias96	9	Jan,,8,2015	Disney does it again. Afte last yeas mega-hit of Fozen the pessue must've een felt to come up with anothe geat family movie that people will etun to fo yeas to comes. Big Heo 6 is definitely anothe Disney classic. It tugs at the heat stings of the viewe and gives Disney loves anothe geat chaacte to admie in Baymax. A geat family film and definitely one to evisit again and again.TheLatinoCritic	9	Jan,20,2015	Funny, Heatwaming, Smat and ceative. Big Heo 6 is a movie that eveyone should go see. Based on Mavel's comic ook, Disney was vey smat enough to elease a film that is stunning!The_hamur	5	May,,4,2015	The movie is good enough. Will it ecome a classic? Maye, this geneation has fozen as icon, poaly this one will go down as easy. But what othes me is that this movie does not develop, it suppots itself ove cute scenes and jokes fo as long as it's humanly possile.Rem	6	Nov,29,2014	It seems Disney wants to step out of its oundaies on how it potays family elations, this time focusing on a othely elationship with Big Heo 6, even if that elationship is elatively ief. Howeve with the title of "Big Heo 6" you hoped to see a spoof of the Justice League with possily one of the moe humoous oots of the past yeas. Despite these elements, it neve exceeds to e anything flavoful with a athe unemakale potagonist whose sole function is to whine a good amount of the movie, and whee the plot fails to pick up any sot of momentum.With all this, Big Heo 6 doesn't stay too fa fom the Disney fomula of: ealy loss of loved one, meet new fiend, fight ad guy, get eat down, cheey emotional pep talk, and fight ad guy again ut this time save the day. Howeve it does these elements much ette than past Disney o Pixa films, and that I eally like.pzol	10	Dec,,3,2014	Really, eally enjoyed this movie, the kids too, they wanted to see it again, the minute we left the theate. It has a good stoy, contay to most movies these days, it looks geat, the chaactes ae deep, each vey distinct and vey lovale.JohnKristofer	8	Dec,30,2014	With The Action Of Mavel,The Emotions Of Disney and the humos of oth,Big Heo 6 is a geat animated film fom Disney.Fun and stunning,Big Heo 6 is wondeful.It may have a pedictale Plot and a the othe chaactes might have less development ut it didn't uin the movie due to it's geat development and chemisty etween Baymax and Hio Big Heo 6 is cute and an emotional film and the est animated movie of the yea fo me.jumpinjamie	1	Nov,27,2014	Big Heo Sux.. Fist of all, the way this film was maketed was dishonest.  It seemed like it could have een a chaacte diven Disney film. This along with Weck It Ralph have attempted to hijack the legacy of Disney Animation to loud and onoxious action scenes stung togethe with a cliche plot.  Once again, this should have een unde the Pixa lael as not to uin Walt's legacy.  Cashing in on thei Mavel acquisition, The Walt Disney Company has attempted to make a kids movie which esemles evey single othe supe heo movie out thee.  Can you imagine if a classic like Aladdin just had 5 minute long action sequences stung togethe instead of jokes and songs? This one makes lesse known Disney films like The Black Cauldon and Atlantis look like a mastepiece akin to Bami.TVJerry	8	Nov,14,2014	One of Disney's geat animation taditions is to show a shot efoe the featue. "Feast" is a delightful look at a hungy puppy. Then comes the main event, an enegetic and non-stop action adventue that follows a young man (Hio) and his lage, soft oot Baymax. They team up with a goup of invento neds to fom a supe goup that tackles a villain with a cool weapon. The pace is lively and the chaactes ae inteesting, ut only one (voiced y T.J. Mille) povides any comedy. Most of that is left to Baymax's sweet size and lovale attitude. The visuals ae ight, eautiful and dazzling, as Disney does est. Fun fo kids and adults. NOTE: Stay thu the cedits fo one of the est cameo gags eve!quincytheodore	8	Nov,28,2014	Big Heo 6 is a witty and hilaious supeheo flick without the ecent tend of nasty gittiness. Visually engaging, the movie is easily accessile and will entetain geneal audience. Its many heatfelt moments as well as genuine comedy elevate the movie into the calie of Disney's geats. The plot moves fast as it shows a lighte take on supeheo fomula, it neve pesses too much o heavy handed on its appoach. While Disney is always known to showcase visual in fantasy setting, it's nice to see the vista changes to moden city of San Fansokyo, as the name suggests, an oiental vesion of San Fansisco. Fo those who have een exposed to hode of supeheo movies of ecent time, it's easy to see how the plot moves, especially as an oigin stoy. Big Heo 6 makes the expected jouney fun with plenty of humo, mostly fat jokes in expense of Baymax, the inflatale mashmallow oot. Viewe might pedict the stoy, ut still amused nonetheless. The assemly of the team deseves a cedit fo intoducing many chaactes, pesentale enough to e memoale ut still delicately manages to poduce a sense of camaadeie. Unlike many supeheoes who have the luxuy of a full movie o seies, these guys must shae the spotlight, yet they'e all feel petty welcomed in thei own quiky ways. Gaphic-wise the animation is geat. While thee ae othe mediums with moe ealistic visual, the movie delives action in just the ight alanced tone of fantasy and moden contempoe. It's definitely viant with colos, design is impeccale, and the movement looks comically oganic. Disney has eached the point whee it can dazzle with 3D the same as it did decades ago with hand dawn pictue and still moves audience with heatfelt stoy. Despite all the action and flai, Big Heo 6 is centeed on fiendship. It's easily enjoyale as anyone will find something to elate and e thooughly delighted.NedRyerson1	7	Jan,22,2015	Big Heo 6 is not as stong as Weck-it Ralph o Fozen, ecause we see concepts that wee aleady in othe films, like playing with the figue of the ad guy, fom the fist one, and evaluating the elationship etween othes, fom the second one (ut with gils). Although thee is a new thing in this movie, not an idea that eaks paadigms, ut inteesting as well: mouning and how to face it. We notice the eactions, the diffeent paths to ovecome it and the acceptance. All of this is achievale y the pesence of a potagonist that allows to audience to identify with, a lovale/chaismatic companion and a paade of eccentic fiends. Big Heo 6 is a film that will enjoy not only the childen; makes you laugh, feel intigued and even eing sad, ut definitely have a geat time.analogkid280	8	Nov,,9,2014	Hey, lets face it. They know how to make a good animated movie now. Case closed. This one does have enough new ideas and some geat commentay and issues that keeps the kiddos ig and small entetained.rpg4life	10	Dec,,3,2014	This is easily one of the top animated movies ive eve seen! These idiotic disney fanoys that ae witing ad eviews dont know what they ae talking aout. I went with my wife and my son and we wee laughing fom eginning till the end. This movie was vey whitty and yes has some action scenes ut the stoy of the oy gowing close to this oot petty much eplacing his othe is vey deep and heat waming. Eveyone has to see this movie especially in theates. I was well woth my 10 dollas and i will poaly go again ecause its that good!!milesprower06	9	Nov,17,2014	Continuing thei gils-oys-gils-oys theme patten, Disney finds themselves on the tail of the impossily and deadfully ovehyped Fozen. I giggled, chucked, laughed, and oveall vey much enjoyed Big Heo 6. The music is amazing, and the stoy tugs on heatstings on occasion.LethalMuffin	10	Nov,17,2014	Big Heo 6 is a geat film. Its poaly the fist animated Disney movie that I loved since the ones fom the 90's (yes I just said I did not love fozen, hate me all you want.) It is a eautifully animated movie that has humo, lovale chatees, and makes you feel fo the chaactes... including the villain. I left this movie with a smile on my face.Gennifer11	10	Dec,,9,2014	Big heo 6 is y fa one of the est animated movies I have seen in a vey long time. Cute, funny, lovale and sad all in one cute movie. It had a futuistic supeheo setting with a lovale sidekick that you cant help ut smile at.Sinbad007	10	Dec,16,2014	This Movie i eally hope that is winning Osca, Golden Gloe, BAFTA and diffent othe pices.I also hope that Big Heo 6 is winning Annie Awads fo est catagoies fo example Animated Feautue o Best Diectos and so on.TheNyanLegend	10	Jan,13,2015	Asolutely wondeful this eminds me of my childhood whee I'd day deam of oots and play megaman 2 this eally eminded me of megman , geat animation, good voice acting , full of excitement .DavidV293	10	Mar,,2,2015	Watching this just made me want a Baymax myself. The movie is well made with action-packed scenes and hilaious moments. Of couse is woth evey pennythemacmeister	0	Aug,29,2015	I went into this film acked y the excitement and hype duing its initial elease. This film makes asolutely no sense whatsoeve. At what point does the kindly, eldely invento of ootics (and ceato of the laws of ootics) ecome a mass mudee, attacking childen with oots?! The comedy in this film is odeing on non-existent, aely aising an eyeow o cone of the mouth. I think the sceenwite(s) wote this in a dunken aftenoon ainstoming session. If I had a choice, I would have stayed in the oot fighting league, with my uneatale oot -- aking in the cash, instead of tuning a kindly inflatale medical oot into aeinfoced unstoppale death machine. Thee ae moe plot loopholes hee than swiss cheese, and even leaving all my expectations at the doo, I was disappointed so much in evey conceivale way, in evey aspect of this movie, I find it impossile to undestand the atings this film has eceived. The theme tune was also the stupidest and most tuneless piece of junk I have eve head. If you listen to the lyics (not an easy task) they make aout as much sense as the stoyline. "we could e immotals, immotals. Just not fo long, fo long". Fall Out Boy, uy a Thesauus !!! Do youself a favou and avoid this steaming pile of ootic disappointment.NeekReviews	8	Nov,11,2014	Who doesn't love a good team-up flick? This movie was visually stunning, heatwaming and oveall just eally ficking cool. Did the fact that a 4 yea-old ehind my ow gave a full length commentay detact fom the film...pshhh, not at all! I digess. When people say a movie is "fun fo the family", this is the kind of movie they ae talking aout. Disney animation is flawless as eve and the chaactes feel like a pefect lend of Toy Stoy and Spideman, just like San Fansokyo. The stoy is one filled with sadness, ut ultimately tiumph and eally at its coe, fiendship. People should stop saying time heals all wounds and eally say fiends and family heal all wounds. This leads me to the est fiend anyone could ask fo, Baymax! Anyone who knew anything aout this movie knew Baymax was going to e the main daw and ightfully so. You find me someone who wouldn't love a giant mashmallow golden etieve nuse?! I'm a 28 yea-old manchild and my 22 yea old female cousin oth tuly enjoyed this flick, teile paents aside. If you ae looking fo a movie to check out, give this one a go. -James Von Doomcharpiechengtz	10	Nov,25,2014	Thee things,Best Film of 2014,Best Disney Film and Best Animated Film of 2014.Peiod,the plus side aout this movie is the animation,the way they constuct the stoy,the likeale chaactes and also the way the addess depession and some seious issues aout death which most animated movies don't do so.Even the jokes of the movie wee logic in a way that it is not even slapstick,ut instead with the logic way of humou.Also this movie has one of the est cinematogaphy in animated movie histoy so as some of the est fight and action scenes in animation histoy since The Incediles and How To Tain You Dagon.And hell yeah,this is way ette than Fozen and Weck It Ralph.So if you ae doutful aout this movie,go and watch this movie,if you don't you ae missing what it is called the est Animated movie of 2014Tbone413	10	Jan,14,2015	Animation. It can't get much ette than it is, ecause Big Heo 6 has the est of the est, and looks into the futue. It's love and enjoy in one, and has eveything a film needs fo people to give it a 10. It uses asolutely eveything to use and make a and new hi-tech kind of movie to enjoy fo eveyone. Ceates memoale moments with Baymax, and Hio eally was a Heo. I didn't know if it would e that good efoe I saw it, ut when I went to see it, it was an amazing film that entetained me a lot.TheQuietGamer	9	Mar,,9,2015	It's a comination of the cham, humo, and emotion of a typical Disney animated film with the ig spectacle, action, and plot of a Mavel supeheo movie. The esults ae incedily satisfying. It's a movie that is sue to e a hit with families. The humo is on point and it is supisingly emotional. The stoy takes some familia tuns with it's supeheo oigin plot, ut that neve eally puts a dampe on things. I also have to give special paise to the voice cast. They fit the chaactes pefectly. I laughed, was moved, and had an all aound last with this animated Disney supeheo flick. It's got cham to spae and the two heoes Baymax and Hio will most likely end up ight thee eside you favoite supeheoes. It's an excellent family movie. I give "Big Heo 6" a 9.4/10.Bruce722	10	Mar,22,2015	Big Heo 6 is hands down one of the est animated films I've eve seen and maye the est non-Pixa film since The Lion King. The ealism in the animation, while not losing the cham associated with the gene, is stunning, the humanity and emotion in the film is supeio to most live action films you'll see, and the stoy is fesh and entetaining. It comines humo with sadness with action to make fo an exciting viewing expeience. They also make you asolutely love Baymax, the ig, white, puffy looking mash mellow oot in all the advetisements. Oveall, this movie is suitale fo people of all ages, gendes, cultual ackgounds, etc. Jump into San Fansokyo and get eady fo a geat film.anshiman	7	Dec,30,2014	Big Heo 6 is a eathtaking visual spectacle that ealises the fathest eaches of ou imaginations, and daes to go even futhe. Featuing vivid, textued and ich chaactes coupled with a sceenplay that teems with wit gives us an animated film that poves that Disney don't need no Pixa.BlackswordSteve	7	Dec,,5,2014	Something a little diffeent fom the typical Pixa stoy, ut still filled with all its cham. The oveall stoy is athe simple, ut its unique cast of chaactes and of couse the lovale Baymax is what makes the movie an enjoyale expeience. Nothing too memoale, ut a step in the ight diection fo futue Pixa movies.chepod8	7	Jun,11,2015	Sin duda este es el esultado más peciso de fusiona Disney con Mavel, adecuado paa los más pequeños sin duda, peo en el poceso no aopa al adulto, no es de extaña si llegas a conta los minutos paa que temine el show.mijxero	10	Apr,17,2015	This instantly ecame one of my favoite animated movies, that could stand eside movies like the incediles.  The main stoy and chaactes ae vey well thought out and ings some stong funny moments along with emotional pats.  I had to watch this with my kids, ut I am going to uy it fo my pesonal collection too.Cherryxld	8	Mar,29,2015	Big Heo 6 es una película película de animación que esulta se caismática, entetenida y con un pesonaje pincipal astante gacioso y divetido. Esta es una película de animación que loga ofece unos uenos efectos animados en una histoia donde invade la ia, el enco, el dolo y, quizá soe todo, lo cómico. Sin dudas esulta se astante inteesante en su tama y que quizá se pueda cee pedecile peo en ealidad no llega a selo y así nos plasma en una ciudad donde se comina San Fancisco con Tokyo ( San Fansokyo) y en donde nos cuenta de una manea eficaz y soesaliente la histoia de estos pesonajes en los que uno de ellos esalta: Baymax, que despega intépidamente con su taje manteniendo un uen vuelo... al igual que la película.JekSpacey	8	Apr,10,2015	Yet anothe vey welcome supise this new poduct Disney.Afte a film like "Fozen", which has vitually split audiences and citics (I am among those who have woshiped), maye Disney will e ale to put all of them agee with this geat animated film ased on a Mavel comic (unknown, pehaps, even the most avid eades)."Big Heo 6" has all the ingedients that a good animated film should have, even the most tivial, fom the typical disney comedy, the good feelings, ut also a hidden ingedient, which can e enjoyed with the death of othe Hio, not that death was neve pesent in the Disney movie, as someone said, in my opinion, wong (I could mention "Bami," "The Lion King" and the undeated "Bothe Bea"), ut suely has neve een so close to us, consideing that the films I mentioned have staing animals.Among othe things, I found vey inteesting all the joint naative following the death of Tadashi, with its dense netwok of inticate mysteies, including chaacteization of Hio, who has een citicized fo eing too thin and empty, ut that I think is in this dimension of empty his stong point. Soy ut I want it to e chaacteized as a poo oy who has lost eveything?Also good chaacteization of the seconday chaactes, fom tende Baymax, who with his ingenuity y oots will eflect the same Hio on the choices of his life, Hio's ned fiends, which will help to catch the man with the mask which kauki stole his micoot, the amiale aunt Cass.Too ad fo the fall style with the ultimate sacifice of Baymax (fo chaity, definitely exciting and intense, ut foegone) and the unveiling of 'identity of the man with the mask, unde which luked pof. Callaghan.Although this choice is not entiely wong, ecause they actually ae the clues that gives the film to assume that thee is him unde the mask, ut it is the eason why steals micoot and ecomes a sot of supe villain (I must admit, vey well developed aesthetically) that fails to fully convince.Poaly, without these defects that, in spite of myself, I could not stand up, I would have consideed "Big Heo 6" a mastepiece in evey espect.Fo the est of the fun is guaanteed, the hythm flows pefectly and the chaactes will entetain you ut also wam you heat.43in2014	6	Jun,11,2015	Befoe watching this film: I'm not awae of the souce mateial fo this film. Pemise: A illiant young invento assemled a oot and a goup of fiends into heoes to go against the peson who had stolen one of his invention and killed his othe. Pos: 1. It's a heatwaming stoy aout a nuse/docto oot that would do anything to keep his maste safe. Made y the people at Walt Disney Studios (actually people fom Pixa Studios). Cons: 1. Could have een geat if it had not looked like a lazy ip off of The Incediles y the same Pixa people who made The Incediles. Moe: If Jos was aound, he would not have allowed this to e made o if he had come aoad afte the film had een made, he would have demanded majo e-animations o just canning of the whole film. Scoe: 3/5 (no half scoes). Watch it on TV only.ToFewViews	8	Jan,30,2015	Big Heo 6 is Disney’s latest magical animated adventue fo the childen of today, o those who ae kids at heat. The stoy takes place in the futue following Hio, a ootics podigy in the city of San Fansokyo as he goes aout his life with his olde othe Tadashi and thei goup of fiends. This time aound the ultimate disney heo is povided fo those who enjoy the cute and squishy, the eve so huggale and inflatale medical oot Tadashi ceated named Baymax. The vey image of Baymax in some of the tailes poaly dew in the entie population of those unde the age of 8. Thee ae some dak events that leads eveyone to come togethe as a team and essentially e a Disney movie, ut all in all, as with How to Tain You Dagon 2. Disney has ceated anothe geat animated action comedy that will ing a smile to petty much anyone's face. Unless you wok in a puppy mill, then you just shouldn’t e smiling.Anywho, geat movie to watch fo those who, like myself, enjoy the ceations of Disney.BigGuyChris	6	Feb,,2,2015	Big Heo 6 is a geat little action movie with fun one lines fo adults and kids. The animation is geat, and the thought that has gone into the setting is good too. The pat whee it falls is that it is pedictale. If you have a ain, you can see whee it is aout to go. But still a geat movie fo a chilled movie night.reellm	8	Apr,16,2015	4/5★ Big Heo 6A vey good film that ecycles a lot of the est pats of past Pixa films. Big Heo 6 is moving, entetaining and although not a classic, will hold up well.The Jimmy Neuton meets the love child of WALL-E and EVE plot has moments of dakness kids films tend to avoid. Its also wondefully animated and full of detail and touches that dazzle the eye, ight up to the last act of good guys vs. ad guy attle that is a it jaing and out of place.Vedict: WatchMovi3R3vi3wer	7	Nov,27,2014	The est way to descie Big Heo 6 is if The Incediles, Ion Giant, Avenges and Teminato 2 all came togethe into one. In othe wods this is a petty good movie. Howeve it is Baymax that caies the movie on his ootic shouldes.The-Fox	7	Dec,,5,2014	This movie is decent, I suppose. The animation's geat, ut the movie's SO cliched. It's just a compilation of supeheo movie cliches-uck. I think that the atmosphee of the movie was nice, though, and the mash up of Tokyo and San Fancisco as its setting is eally cool. The only thing I actually eally enjoyed was Baymax. The movie was funny in some pats, and Baymax is a petty inteesting and ceative chaacte. Howeve, if Baymax didn't exist, this movie would e petty ad. 2.5-3 stas ad. I'd say if you have kids, this wouldn't e THAT much totue to watch. It isn't a ad movie, ut it isn't vey good y Disney standads eithe. If you REALLY want to watch it, knock youself out, ut if you aen't eally sue o you don't think that you'll e vey inteested in the movie, save the money fo anothe one.KENXAVI	7	Dec,,8,2014	A faily enjoyale, ut VERY pedictale film. Am I the only who feels that this one felt moe like tiute to supeheo films? Baymax is lovale and the main chaacte was well made, ut it suffes fom plot points that Disney has liteally done a thousand times in thee films. Aside fom a pedictale plot, this is a fun, family fiendly film with good chaactes, and eautiful animation.Dokalu	7	Jan,13,2015	The new Disney film, not eing a illiant animated mastepiece, is fun and entetaining. It has some nice jokes and the oot chaacte is just vey funny and awesome, having you liking him vey much and laughing evey time he is on sceen. Kids will love this movie fom the eginning to the end, and all the adults will enjoy it.idanidan123	10	Feb,28,2015	This movie needs a highe scoe. This movie is so awesome. I eally like the element of losing someone is the movie. And in the end when Heo and his oot went in the potal- IT WAS SO EPIC !This, in my opinion, one of the est animated movies of 2015. Let's see what this yea will ing us next...bobbsyw	6	Mar,,7,2015	Stats out pomisingly, and thee ae some eally funny moments once the Baymax is intoduced, ut the fo me the film lost it's way a it in the final thid. By the end of it, the schmaltz stangled all of the humou and cham.Jacob	8	Jun,10,2015	Disney has followed up Fozen with anothe amazing film. On pape Big Heo 6 may seem like an Ion Giant o Teminato: 2 Judgement Day ipoff and while thee ae similaities and clichés thoughout the film the main chaactes thei elationship with each othe along with the stoy ae well ealized in a way that makes it easy to ovelook those details. Big Heo 6 is a geat film that povides Mavel fans, Disney fans, and movie fans in geneal with a geat expeience ivaling that of a Pixa film. The suppoting chaactes could use some development ut with any luck this film will get a sequel that will exploe them even moe. Until then I will continue to watch this film as I eagely await the next Disney film as this studio has egained the magic they had in the 90s. Hopefully Pixa can pick up the slack with Inside Out ut egadless its glad to know thee is animation studio on top of thei game again! Thee is a shot at the eginning of the film called Feast its not the est shot eve made lacking the awe of Papeman ut it is chaming. Just ealized this yea thee ae thee animated films that I loved, which makes this one of the est yeas fo animation eve.rpm	6	Mar,16,2015	I'm in the midst of seeing all of the films that wee nominated fo Academy Awad Best Pictue. Big Heo 6 won as Best Animated Featue Film, and the othe films nominated in this categoy wee The Tale of Pincess Kaguya, The Boxtolls, How to Tain You Dagon 2, and Song of the Sea. The only othe one I've watched so fa in Tale of Pincess Kaguya, which I asolutely loved. Big Heo 6 stated out vey nicely, intoducing you to some inteesting chaactes animated in a vey slick 3D style. Based on a Mavel comic I had not head of efoe this film, we get anothe supe heo oigin tale aout how a small goup of geniuses come togethe as cime fightes, using thei individual "poducts" they have developed to sit in fo actual supe powes...sot of like 5 individual Batmans with all the cool gadgets. While the stoy stats out fine, I found myself losing inteest as it devolved into a fomulaic and pedictale second half. Because of this, I cannot give this film moe than a 6 on the ating scale. To sum up: Positives: Slick animation style, Baymax Negatives: Second half too fomulaic and pedictale, chaactes othe than Baymax.duncan1964	8	Jan,23,2015	A young oy teams up with a cute inflatale oot and a goup of fiends to fom a and of supe heoes out to avenge his othes death. Cleve, funny with geat chaacteisation and an inteesting stoy, this is the Disney catoon fo all young geeks who can't elate to typical Disney heoes. Geat fun and shows Disney ack on top fomPontificator	8	Jan,31,2015	With geat animation, effects, and acting, this film was a lot of fun to watch and was extemely entetaining. Ou humanity was captued, not only in the animated acting, ut also displayed in the motivations of oth the heo and the villain.  Disney has taken an ielevant team, and given them new life, usting eight (8) supe ig locks.dharma	7	Jun,12,2015	Gogeously animated as pe Disney's excellent standad, ut supisingly spoting a pedictale supeheo oigin plot. The inclusion of Baxmax, one of the most endeaing Disney ceation in yeas, is a highlight. He povides oth the comedy elief and the heat of the film. Kids will love this and this is anothe home un fo Disney.dc127	8	Feb,27,2015	Big Heo 6 is an animated movie that is enjoyale fo oth olde kids as well as adults. The animation is clean and vey aesthetically pleasing.  The plot is a it pedictale ut still enjoyale. The highlight of the film is Baxmax, a oot designed to e a medical helpe. Almost all of the humo is deived fom this mashmallow like oot. The ackgound chaactes have distinct visual elements, ut eally no chaacte development at all. Still I enjoyed the movie and it is woth checking out though you local liay.moonman1994	9	Oct,,6,2015	This is one of the fist animated films I have actually ecommended to many people to watch afte I saw it. The humo appeals oth to adults and childen and the action sequences ae vey well done. It also knows how to e seious when it needs to and appeals to the viewe's emotions quite well. It's definitely woth the watch no matte what age you ae.Compi24	8	Aug,27,2015	Disney animation finds anothe winne in "Big Heo 6," a visually onate ide fom stat to finish that doesn't seem to lack in humo o emotional depth.Rox22	8	Jun,10,2015	If anything I eally am not sue how to feel aout this movie. But, I do know I enjoyed it. Animation and visuals ae just gogeous. San Fansokyo is just eathtaking and I eally wish they could have shown moe of it. Nea flawless design. Chaacte models ae also vey good , ut he pixa-anime kinda hyid style I felt could have een utilized ette. A shame as thee was such massive potential fo ceativity. Sound, music and voice acting all top notch. Nice that many of the voice actos ween't huge Hollywood names, kept the chaactes gounded in BH6 wold. Plot and witing is pehaps wee I thought the movie suffeed a little. While thee is plenty of development fo the leading chaactes, I did feel that thee was fa too little development fo the suppoting chaactes, who clealy ae impotant enough to waant it. The stoy is a it cliche and has een done many times efoe, making it vey pedictale. Oveall:Big Heo 6 is one of the few times whee I would say it clealy needed anothe +30 minutes of sceen time, just to add some much needed depth to the est of the cast. Howeve, despite my gipes, I still eally, eally enjoyed this movie.TrilobiteG	6	Feb,25,2016	I think Big Heo 6's main issue is how caught it is with it's incedily humle pemise, that it fogets to set up the wold it's ceated in. This is all vey fast moving, even fo a kid's film and whilst it is admialy decently animated, Big Heo 6 doesn't ceate too much depth as to what it is tying to achieve. A geneato of sympathy, meaning the ad guy is essentially non theatening at all. It's also a shame that genuinely quiky and inteesting chaactes like Wasai and Feddie didn't get a whole oppotunity to exploe thei potential as much as they should've, giving wam and elieving addition to thei futuistic suits. This eing said, Big Heo 6 is solid to entetain, the chemisty etween Baymax and Hio is humle and chaming and will please as a family movie. Just don't expect anything too meaningful, it often gets too caught up in sad moments that it fogets the envionment it is set in isn't that hamful at all.Twist_Of_Fate	9	Mar,11,2015	Was illiant,the amount of action ,suspense and plot twists is supe.Really woth a watch,those negative eviews of this movie ae izae ecause this movie is out of this wold!alllifeinfate	8	Apr,26,2015	An entetaining fist enty fom the hyid of Mavel and Disney with a lot of heats and a lot of thills aleit with a few flaws that is outshone y its many excellence.TheTwistedKris	10	Feb,25,2015	Team up Ion man with dexte (animated not live action), a zealot fom stacaft, the flash if he wee fom ton, and a mix of fozone with poison ivy pitted against a villain that makes Doc Oc look like calamai  and you may just come close to how amazing this film was. Geeky efeences aside, this movie is a gem. I was engaged the entie way though and loved evey minute. It pesonally felt as a scooy-doo meets the justice league, which sounds stange at fist until you see it in action. Each chaacte has an actual chaacte outside of eing the peson with the powes, which I found shocked y since they estalish it in a vey fluid way in a shot amount of time. The main chaacte shows quite the development ove the couse of the movie, even lashing out at the peson who caused him his gief, leading to some vey touling choices. I'm just going to cut myself off efoe I tempt giving spoiles. Just watch it!kasperlovborg	9	Jul,26,2015	Disney's 'Big Heo 6' is heaps of fun. I simply loved eveything aout it... And now I definitely know what I'll e dessing up as fo next Halloween!lukechristiansc	10	Feb,16,2015	Fom the ceatos of 'Fozen' and diectos Don Hall ('Winnie the pooh')  Chis Williams ('Bolt') comes thei astonishing achievement ig heo six. This movie has eautiful stunning effects also a geat voice pefomance cast, Ryan Potte as Hio Daniel Henney as Hio's ig othe and Maya Rudolph as Aunt Cass. The cast is phenomenal! even though i hate kid's humo in animation films, this movie gave me a ton of laughs and some Lol moments. The est pat of this movie is Bay max (who pefectly mavelously done) the acto ehind Bay max who is voiced y Scott Adsit who is illiant in this movie. he should win est acto fo an osca nominee. Even though the plot is cliche'd and TJ Mille ties to e funny ut he's not funny at all, The effects ae wondously done, the diection fom Williams and Hall ae outstanding. Gade A+ one of 2014's est films of the yea!DrewtheDude85	9	May,28,2015	Afte eing a little disappointed in Fozen, I was glad that Disney was ale to ecove themselves with Big Heo 6. This film is vey eautifully animated and has a vey entetaining stoy suounding. I like how this film felt kind of like a mesh etween Mavel and Disney films and it woked emakaly well. I love the whole city, San Fansokyo, since it comines oth San Fancisco with Tokyo; it woked as a vey cool envionment fo the film. The chaactes wee a fun unch, I especially liked Baymax, he was vey funny and he is one of the iggest easons why this film is excellent. The whole goup of scientists, that efiend Hio, is also a cool goup of people. Some of them fall unde a few cliches ut they ae still fun to e aound (thei whole "la" oom was also cool, I liked the inventions they wee ceating). The stoy is petty cool even if it was a it pedictale at times; seiously, don't have you expectations too high fo the movie's villain. Despite, some mino polems, this film has a geat stoy, thee ae even some petty emotional scenes in this film I must say. This film is geat and poaly one of Disney's est films in a while. I also wan't to congatulate this film on winning the Osca fo Best Animated Film of 2014, even though I kinda liked The Lego Movie and How to Tain You Dagon 2 a it ette (soy).diogomendes	6	Feb,,7,2015	"Big Heo 6" feels ultimately too familia and wateed down, ut the isk compute animation, constant funny gags and high-stake action might win you ove.SpiderPlayer	8	May,22,2015	The geat film, animation is good, the stoy is cool and diffeent, is not that cliche that has in some films fom Disney, the fist I found a little weak, ut then the film tip fa moe engaging.Tomle1202	7	May,10,2016	Big Heo 6 contains eveything to e an enjoyale movie, fom the solid voice acting to a lovely fat oot, except fo the disappointing stoy that does not eally hold up to its hype until the end.OpinionatedGuy	9	Mar,18,2015	Thee has een so many supeheo movies lately that it seems like I don’t even ecall which supeheo movie that is not elated to Mavel Cinematic Univese no to DC Cinematic Univese no to 20th Centuy Fox’s X-Men Univese. To see anothe supeheo movie that consists of entiely new supeheoes and that is not elated to eithe of the thee univeses is quite efeshing, which is ionic since this movie is actually fom an old Mavel comic seies. I liked how the Disney twist woks with a Mavel popety. I see that “Disney twist” a lot of times in pevious Disney movies ut fo some eason it neve fails to make me oed and it always emains fesh especially on ased fom a Mavel comic seies. I liked how divese the main chaactes ae in this movie. What I mean divese does not mean “six white dudes, one white gil and one lack dude”, I mean divese as in “two Asians, one Bazilian woman, one lack guy and one white guy (and one oot)”. This is the kind of divesity that isn’t the “shove down into you thoats” kind and moe of a natual kind of divesity. I want to see moe movies with this patten and not with the “six white dudes, one white gil and one lack dude” kind of divesity. I also liked how this movie dealt with death that it is almost taumatic and vey life-like. If I wee a kid, I would e taumatized aout what happened. As a teenage, I am still taumatized what just happened in the movie ecause it was too eal fo me. The chaacte development of the main chaacte Hio is my favoite pat of this movie as well as the gowing ond etween Hio and the oot Baymax. Speaking of chaacte development, my only main polem with this movie is that the othe main chaactes do not have much chaacte development. Although this movie is all aout Hio and Baymax, it’s not easy fo me to e okay with the othe main chaactes not eing fully-developed ecause they’e vey inteesting that it’s quite a missed oppotunity fo moe development. Well, at least they got thei moments on sceen so that’s fine. Big Heo 6 is wothy an Osca win in my opinion and that is thanks to the fesh new set of likale divese supeheos that is intoduced to the geneal audience as well as an excellent supeheo movie plot ased fom a Mavel comic seies with a neve-tiing twist fom Disney which cominations woked vey well.NerdConsultant	8	Feb,14,2015	Big Heo 6 is poaly one of the ette animated films aimed at a younge audience that I have seen in a long time.  It eally was a joy to watch and once again it’s a film that whee it may have a few hiccups, they don’t othe my enjoyment of the oveall film. it's an excellent showcase fo the 3D in animation with it's excellent at style and action and with geat chaactes and stoy it featued i would love to see disney follow it up with a sequelSladeWilson519	8	Mar,,9,2015	I will admit it. At pats this movie made me cy, laugh, and feel fo Hio Hamada. But thee was a sot of ad aftetaste to it fo me. This mostly consisted of the sometimes cheesy dialogue made y chaactes, such as Gogo's "Woman UP!" duing the final fight, o Wasai's, well, oveall dialogue peiod. I just don't eally like Wasai. Some plot twists wee ovious, some plot tools wee cheesy, such as when Hio "andomly" decides he needs to upgade eveyone. I did like this a whole lot ette than "Fozen", though. This movie got my emotions oiling in seveal spots, and laughing uncontollaly in othes. I will say though, the scene whee Hio tells Baymax to destoy Callaghan, was one of the most poweful and shocking scenes in catoon and possily supeheo movies in geneal fo me. I watch this movie evey night when I go to sleep, ut I always stay up fo that one pat. But, esides some cheese, my iggest peeve was the ending. Tue, I didn't want Baymax to die, ut when he did, I eally felt that this was a fitting end to Big Heo 6. When it came down to it, that is what Baymax was uilt fo: To Save Lives. So when it was evealed that he was ought ack, I was kind of disappointed.Afte all that Hio had een though, with his paents dying at 4, Tadashi dying afte Hio succeeded, Hio finding out Pofesso Callaghan hadn't otheed to save Tadashi in the fie and that he was the peson who stole his micoots, and almost killing Callaghan, and finally with Baymax dying, I felt that the movie should have kept Baymax dead, ecause it was too happy. Nothing in this wold would end that happily, and when you think aout it, it doesn't usually end happily thee. And with Baymax eing ought ack in the end, wouldn't that asically just ease the meaning of his sacifice.Also, how did the fie stat? And how did the goup find Hio and Baymax at the dock? I ealize Baymax contacted them, ut HOW WOULD THEY KNOW WHERE THEY WERE SEVERAL HOURS AFTER THEY HAD BEEN CONTACTED? Those things also annoyed me. Maye the fie will e answeed in the inevitale sequel o shot.WJS	8	Jul,,4,2015	This movie looks fantastic! It's eautifully designed, endeed and animated with lots of ight colous and fun action. The voice wok is fist ate and the dialogue is fun. The only polem with this movie is with the stoy which tends to have too much melodama.Daniel17	9	Feb,14,2015	Big Heo 6 is one of the est Disney animated movies duing a decade since The Lion King, Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, Fozen and Weck-It Ralph. It has an awesome stoy, memoale chaactes including Baymax who is hilaious and it had geat musical scoe y Heny Jackman and one oiginal song Immotals composed and pefomed y Fall Out Boy was vey good. It had impessive animation, ceativity and stunning visuals, they look ette than Fozen and Weck-It Ralph in my opinion. It had a lot of action, humou and emotion which is a pefect alance fo a Disney film. My final scoe fo Big Heo 6, 9.8/10. (Amazing)Mediawatcher	6	Jan,26,2015	It's an ok movie, ut it has a vey cliche and pedictale stoy and the inteesting chaactes ae put aside, the movie is y no means ad, ut it could've deliveed a little ette. Also I knew who the ad guy efo they even evealed it.Kacy00	8	Feb,,5,2015	Disney neve fails to ceate animated movies that ae eautiful to watch. In the case of San Fansoyoko, thee is no diffeence. Big Heo 6 is geat. A must see that will make you laugh out loud and keep you on the edge (even though you know how it will end.) Though one of the majo plot twists was pedictale fom the villain's cue. It did not take away fom a good stoy. This plot was dake than most Disney plots, which was a welcomed change. Thei potagonist, Hio (Heo), was the most complex Disney chaacte since Maleficent. Dealing with lost is not easy, ut it helps when you have a lovale chaacte like BayMax, who is stangely eminiscent of Wall-E. I will watch this movie again ecause it is vey enjoyale and flows effotlessly. It was cleve on all angles and a joy to watch. The movie does fall into the tap of the cony that we've come to expect fom Disney, ut it does not take away fom the oveall movie. A sequel of this movie would e geat, suounding Hio's paents and I would not e supised if Disney is aleady woking on it. Family was a huge theme and it was handled vey well. All in all, a geat movie.AGN	9	Jun,22,2015	Okay, It didn't succeed much, ut it still is a vey good movie with something diffeent this time.  Plus, it was a eally unique movie compaed to Fozen though...boubadiop	8	Feb,19,2015	When I stated to watch Big Heo 6 I didn't eally know what to expect and thought it was going to e a film aout a young kid ot fighting fom the fist scene, although I would not have minded that happening as the ot fighting is petty good, I had no idea that it spials into a supeheo movie. The film is decent and one of the est animations I've watched since Weck-It-Ralph ut its quite pedictale Woth a watch though just fo that white mashmellow ule oot which is the est thing aout the filmHenri123	9	Feb,20,2015	A complete mastepiece! The stoy is amazing since the egin to the end. No moe wods, ut I felt the villain's stoy a little weak. I'd like to see the olde othe as a villain even if it was a cliche.Armin_Abbasi	6	Mar,20,2015	Big Heo 6 is a well-made supeheo animation which tells nothing new no special. The animation lacks a good sceenplay though it is a decent one fo teenages.Aravindh	6	Mar,10,2015	The fast-paced and fun-laced sceenplay, and the adoaleness of Baymax do not quite succeed in ovecoming the hackneyed natue of Disney's Big Heo 6.MattBrady99	8	Mar,10,2015	Baymax has to e the most adoale and coolest Disney chaacte I've seen in a while. The stoy is aout San Fansokyo eing unde attack - ut ootics expet Hio Hamada, with his oot Baymax, will team up with some eluctant, novice cime fightes in ode to save the city. Just like evey yea Disney always ings out films that ae mostly good o adoale, and a long comes Big Heo 6 and this movie is on the level of adoale, ut not that close to illiant. The animation in this movie was so coloful and so gogeous to look at that my eyes couldn't get enough of it. The chaacte's wee funny and petty awesome, even Baymax which has to e the most adoale and the most lovale chaacte I've seen on the ig sceen. The action scenes wee eally well shot and enjoyale to watch. The ending to this movie dagged a little it fo me. If they ended the movie aout a couple minutes ago I could have given it a igge ating, ut the ending kept going and felt like it went on and on. Big Heo 6 is a entetaining movie with eautiful animation and a solid stoy line.homer4president	8	Mar,13,2015	I went into Big Heo 6 not having a clue what it was aout except that it had a alloon oot. Peviews made it look dum, ut I was so wong. I'm so glad I went, ecause this movie was fa eyond my wildest expectations.MrMovieBuff	8	May,20,2015	'Big Heo 6' is the latest featue fom Walt Disney Animation Studios, who ecently ought us 'Tangled' (2010), 'Weck-It Ralph' (2012) and 'Fozen' (2013). They have een on a winning steak these ecent yeas and ae cuently in thei new "Renaissance ea". 'Big Heo 6', unlike most Disney films which ae usually ased on faiy-tales, is actually ased, o loosely ased on a Mavel comic ook of the same name. This movie looks like a comination of two Bad Bid classics...'The Ion Giant' (1999) and 'The Incediles' (2004), so it looks fun. It tells the stoy of a young, teenage oy named Hio and his elationship with his olde othe named Tadashi. An event occus somewhee in the la that Tadashi studies at and Hio is left with his olde othe's most successful ceation. A alloon oot named Baymax. Hio is angy aout his olde othe's death and vows evenge on whoeve it was that caused his death in the fist place. Hio plans to assemle a goup of neds (Tadashi's fiends) and defeat the villain. The chaactes include; GoGo Tomago, Wasai, Fed and Honey Lmon. These, along with Hio and Baymax will fom the "Big Heo 6". When it comes to unknown Mavel popeties eing adapted into film, I liked this film MUCH ette than 'Guadians of the Galaxy' (2014). Howeve, if I was to judge this as a Disney film, hee's what I would say. 'Tangled' is a eally fun "Disney Pincess" movie, one that even guys like myself can enjoy, and that's thanks to the humo that Flynn Ride injects. 'Weck-It Ralph' is a typical oys movie aout video games, so of couse I was going to like that movie, maye I'm too iased towads it. And 'Fozen' had all that feel of a golden-age classic Disney film with some catchy, sing-along songs, and, like 'Tangled', the humo injected y Kistoff and his eindee Sven (who eminded me of Han Solo and Chewacca), that's something guys can enjoy. I love Disney movies as they have played a huge pat of my childhood and I love Mavel movies just as much as the next guy. 'Big Heo 6' is eveything a guy could deam of, ut I found the pacing of this movie to e a little slow and the chaactes, I don't feel, wee as stongly witten as Baymax was. Maye this movie is like 'Aladdin' (1992), whee the Genie (voiced y the late Roin Williams), kept you watching, ut the othe chaactes just keep the plot moving. This movie does have emotional moments, and I'm no cynic, they ae heatfelt. Childen will enjoy this movie moe than adults (ecause we always look fo something innovative when it comes to film), and I don't think this movie deseved the Osca win compaed to the othe nominees, it's not a ad movie, it's just a good movie that didn't need an Osca. Solid 8/10 fom me, not as stong as 'Tangled', 'Weck-It Ralph' o 'Fozen'...ut it's anothe good Disney movie and I will watch it again in the futue, (who knows, maye I will like it moe)...I will DEFINITELY want a Baymax toy though...MadMaxFuryRoad	10	Sep,,5,2015	I will have to say this is the est animated movie of the yea and deseves that osca win. Such a geat movie mixed into multiple genes like action, adventue, sci-if, with some dama. The chaacte ae so likale and Baymax was so cute and eminded me if the minions. It might e pedictale, ut the fast pacing of the film saves itself. I don't like e-watching movies no matte how good they ae, ut I can't stop myself fom e-watching this. This is SO much ette than that fozen cap.EdgarReviews	5	Jun,27,2015	Ignoing ealy expositional polems, a few plot holes and a lack of unpedictaility, Big Heo 6 is a vey funny, vey chaming and vey entetaining animation that sevices its taget audience nea-pefectly.Sontate72	8	Jul,,3,2015	Although a lot of themes have een stolen fom othe movies, the jouney was still geat fun and I have empathy fo these chaactes. The plot's simple enough fo kids ove 10 to undestand, and it isn't a movie that can only e enjoyed y a cetain age goup. I ecommend it!Th3GreenHorne7	10	Nov,13,2015	Toy Stoy, A Bug's Life, Finding Nemo, WALL-E, Up, and Weck It Ralph, what do they all have in common? They ae all mastepieces, and Big Heo 6 is the next ig thing, and you know why? It's ecause Disney incopoated a stoy fom anothe univese, Mavel, that's ight, Big Heo 6 came fom Mavel, and that is one of the easons that makes this film geat. The chaactes make up fo the amazing acting and the eal emotions coming fom them, the animation is so alive and so ight even when the pictue is vey dak. But the eal eason that this film is the next ig Disney mastepiece? It's the inspiational messages that the film pesents, and in this film the message falls unde the lines of vengeance does not ecome eceived y evenge, and leaning to let go is a had thing ut to some people, it a natual instinct, and wheeve you go, take some fiends with you, ecause you could e something igge and stonge when you have help, sue in the end some people don't make it ut that ight thee is the message, staying stong in the face of challenges, that's what makes Big Heo 6 a mastepiece.Noo	10	Jul,17,2015	What can I say? Asolutely illiant and fantastic ae some adjectives. This movie was completely amazing. Do not listen to anyody who tells you aout plot holes and clichés, they ae way too focused on looking fo mistakes than just elaxing and enjoying the movie. And what a movie it was. If you haven't seen it, I stongly advise you to watch it. RIGHT NOW. The most phenomenal movie I have eve had the joy to witness. Hee ae a few easons why:The plot. The plot was touching, in some places amusing, exciting, gipping and pefectly sweet.The chaactes. The side chaactes, although not as good as the main ones, whee awesome as well. Gogo was my favouite, sassy and adventuous, ut Honey, Wasai and Fed wee good too- I loved Wasai's sceam in one pat of the movieThe emotions- you will feel so many emotions in this movie. You will feel amazed, delighted, scaed, excited, happy and sad. It's a pefect lend. I was gasping with shock and fea one minute, cying my eyes out the next, then smiling, then gipping my seat in excitement.Hio Hamada- I love this chaacte eyond elief. Baymax gets the most attention, ut Hio is sweet, cute, funny, intelligent, slightly cocky, and just... ah. I love him and have aout twenty pictues of him on my phone. He looks adoale, with that gogeous messy lack hai and those ig own eyes and that cheeky, cute face, ut undeneath he is extemely ave, and vey intelligent; he's a genius, ut doesn't seem to ealise it. He manages to uild supeheo costumes and powes fo all his fiends, and neve ags o shows off aout it. You will fall in love with Hio within minutes. At the stat, when he says "Hio... Hio Hamada", he has the sweetest, shyest way of saying it. Love him to pieces.I've watched the movie aout seven times- last week I watched it evey single day. In neve gets  oing; in fact, it gets moe exciting! I stongly advise you not to link ecause you don't want to miss a second of it :D Also thee's no eal point in getting popcon o anything; once I had a can of lemondade when I was watching it. I sipped fom the can in the fist couple of minutes, then foget all aout it ecause the movie was so... so.... so spectacula..Please watch this film, it's pefect and eautiful, y fa the est movie I have eve seen in my life!CineAutoctono	8	Dec,,3,2015	Big Heo 6 , has good fascination and geat affimative , fo the good scipt , the incedile comination of Tokyo and San Fancisco , to ceate the incedile and fictitious San Fansokyo , ut also the geat adventue of 5 young common oot and a nuse who ecame in ig heoes.Slugone	9	Aug,21,2015	This is a vey smat and funny movie fo kids as well as adults. We don't have kids and we have watched it twice aleady. The show takes place in a fictional city that is supposed to epesent a coss etween San Fancisco and Tokyo. The highlight of the film is the chaacte of Baymax, an inflatale docto and fiend, who tuns out to e a heo.DanBurrito	8	Oct,,2,2015	Afte the Academy's ludicous mistake of failing to nominate "The Lego Movie" fo Best Animated Featue, I was ooting fo this to win (which, thankfully it did). It is yet anothe example of how an oscue comic can e tansfomed into a eally good movie. Baymax was a eally good chaacte and poaly one of the most adoale oots in film. Hio was a good chaacte too ecause he was petty complex. One of my favouite scenes was the one whee Baymax is low on attey and he stats acting all dunk (ut I feel they missed an oppotunity to have him stat singing "Daisy Bell" like HAL fom "2001:a space odyssey")  it's a vey good movie, highly ecommended to oth supeheo fans and Disney fans.james417	10	Oct,15,2015	Big Heo made me feel like a little kid again. I tuly enjoyed watching the movie. Definitely woth watching ecause it also offes good lessons. Watch this movie fo fee http://www.watchfee.to/watch-2a0624-Big-Heo-6-movie-online-fee-putlocke.htmljigsmode31	8	Oct,20,2015	Poaly my favoite animated film to date. Vey entetaining and good stoy. Watch it online fo fee: https://www.pimewie.ag/watch-2754084-Big-Heo-6-online-feeCriticFer	7	Oct,20,2015	When I saw that many people commented on Big Heo 6 i decided to check it to see if it was tue that many said, is a teache and woks almost ae ight ... ut unfotunately it is not. It seems that many people liked the film ecause they saw it as an oiginal idea, I do not know ut fo me The Lego Movie is a geat oiginal idea, ut this not. Bone is not ad, the only thing I am against is that Disney continues to use the cliche to Kill the paents of the potagonist and the chaacte you loved you so much, it's something that we have seen in many Disney movies and I still do not undestand why still do, maye is its a fomula of making movies o maye is a etayal of the studio, do not know. If they wanted to kill as Tadashi do it ut at least let thei paents ae alive, not make them disappea fom the film and say they ae dead without explaining how they died. I also found it asud that the eason fo why is Callaghan the ad guy and the Baymax sacifice, i know many people cy ut I'm soy, I'm think it's eally silly and asud, ut the film is eally ad? no, it could have een ette? poaly yes. Thee ae many things that they liked me the film, I like animation, the chaactes, the comedy, the action scenes, the city San Fansokyo, the tecnology, the fiendly elationship of Hio and Baymax and the message. I just do like Minions as if it weent these 2 polems the film could have een ette. In my opinion, Big Heo 6 is entetaining, Not the est of the yea ut is entetaining. I do not think That was eally deseves an Osca fo This Film.ChrisAng542	6	Nov,28,2015	It was a geat movie ut not the est. Its gaphics was quite good and I love the city in the movie. Howeve, I do not like the stoyline vey much ecause Hio's o should not e died soon.EpicLadySponge	9	Dec,28,2015	Big Heo 6 is an enjoyment of 102 minutes of action, sad moments, and watchale moments all in togethe. It's just ette than how they done it with thei pedecesso.gameguardian21	8	Mar,24,2016	Big heo 6 is a huge hit as we ae giving a emotional, and funny stoy. The est thing aout this movie is the elationship etween hio and amax, who ecome close thoughout the events that happen in the film.Futuredirector	9	Mar,15,2016	Big Heo 6 is full of action, colo, eal-science and intelligent stoy-telling fo put the audience in shock and in love with unfogettale chaactes and a petty stoy. Disney has a new fantastic classic animated film, officially.