Streuner47	9	May,,2,2014	Amazing! Geat uild-up fo at least anothe two movies, as we all know. A geat act of an epic saga. This Film has chaacte-depth, chaacte-development, an awesome scoe and an asolutely epic feeling in 3D.blockofcheese	10	May,,2,2014	Amazing petty much says it all. I've seen the 1st Amazing Spide-Man aout 20 times ecause of how well landed the chaactes wee... with deeply ooted stoy. All the ack stoy is petty much the 1st film, Amazing Spide-Man 2 picks up wee the fist film ended (Maye with a couple days gone y.) (don't woy no spoiles hee.) Also no matte what age you ae, I can honestly say you'll love this film. A geat deal of love is well woven into the (well-witten) stoy. 100% A+ 10/10foxgrove	6	May,,2,2014	Ludicous plotting doesn't spoil an othewise entetaining Mavel adventue,although it isn't as good as the fist instalment. This sequel enefits fom the continuance of gifted acto Andew Gafield as the titula chaacte. His aility is almost wasted in such a geneic movie. In the past he has demonstated supelative talent in such poweful damas as 'Boy A' and 'Red Riding' and one can only hope that he etuns to moe sustantial oles soon.What we have hee is a known entity which will delight its fan ase. A slick package with all the usual components faulously integated including out standing visual effects,shap editing and eye catching cinematogaphy. The film is neve dull o oing, although it is slightly dawn out, and the omantic inteludes ae pedictaly sweet, if fogettale. It's all vey undemanding stuff and the ove sensitive may even shed a tea o two. A supise sequence nea the end of the film, involving Emma Stone, is a knockout of a scene.LamontRaymond	3	May,,2,2014	It's just so land and oing.... the film lacks a pulse.  Thee was one genuinely heat-felt moment towad the vey end of the film that got me, ut the est?  Vey lah.  The second Captain Ameica film was a thousand times ette than this film.  The chemisty etween the two leads is meage, the ad guys don't inspie fea like those in the the Dak Knight seies - not even close.  You can't even put those two fanchises in the same paagaph.  I was a HUGE Spide-Man fan as a kid - what a shame that they can't make a good movie fo this chaacte.  (O a good video game, fo that matte.)l1u3k7e	10	May,,2,2014	EPIC fom stat to finish!! Don't listen to the citics saying that these movies shouldn't exist. Who caes that it has not een that long since the oiginal tilogy? Mac We is doing an awesome jo with Spide-Man and this one left me wanting moe!! It's a must see in IMAX 3D!!gwam	1	May,,3,2014	I'm eally sad fo Mac We he's een moe and moe disappointing since his omantic flick '500 days of summe'. In 'The amazing Spide-Man 2' thee's a lot of plot holes and the chaactes don't feel like they've een developed popely. The movie foce-feed infomation that aen't even equied fo the plot to advance. It feels like the movie has een ushed and is ovely complicated as it lose itself in explosions, electicity and cgi.tivruski	3	May,,2,2014	This film is just oing and much too long, chaactes ae idiculusly ovedawn, gwen-pete plot is annoying and oing, you will e wanting to kill spideman long efoe electo. I neve felt so cheated in cinema.bigfoot6463	10	May,,2,2014	THIS MOVIE WAS AMAZING ! Once again the citics ae so fa way off ase as you will find out when thousands of people flock the the ig sceen on Fiday nite. top notch stoy line, off the hook effects that will low you out of you seat and wanting moe which you will get, acting was supe and the ending was asum and did not leave you hanging like most movies. So satisifing that I would compai it to an ogasum. You will gasp, you will laugh, you will cy, it has it all and all at the ight moment. You finges and toes will hut when you leave the theate ecause its a white knuckle ide fom stat to finish. Dont leave ight afte the movie, thee is a supize clip. Im going to go and see it again tomoow nite { Fiday Night } in a packed house. I went to midnight showing on Thusday and thee wee aout 50 people in the theate, people have to wok on Fiday and can't function on 3 hous of sleep, thats why it was not packed. But all 50 of us wee clapping and cheeing had at the end. And nothing ut positive comments. Cant wait to see the next one. CRITICS...PLEASE GET A DAY JOB AND LET US REAL PEOPLE WRITE THE REVIEWS !!!!! Best movie of the yea and will e vey had to eat. Tust me...GO SEE THIS MOVIE, IT IS A MUST SEE MOVIE. Not to mention it is a touching, motivating and inspiing movie. Captain Ameica did not even come close to SM2. P.S. Check out the use eview that egins with { Lamo } and gave this movie a ating of 3. Then think aout why his use name egins with Lamo.  Cause his eview was LAMO. But we all have a ight to scoe how we wish. Just dont pay no attention to that eview. Doesn't even seem like he saw the ight movie at all o was watching Captain Ameica which I found to e land and would give Captain Ameica aout a 5 o 6 at most.Duskspark	8	May,,2,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 stuggles to find its footing in the gand scheme of its stoy, making it feel like it was a idge to the thid movie. As a movie intoducing you to futhe events, howeve, it did a geat jo. While not as good as the oiginal Amazing Spide-Man, I must say that The Amazing Spide-Man 2 slowly uilds up to what could easily e a geat thid movie.iamDTS	8	May,,2,2014	This movie may not e the geatest Spide-Man movie of all time ut it is the est of the "Amazing" tilogy so fa. Now this film takes a moe comical/ staight out of a comic ook appoach and it seems the visual effects wok vey well fo it. The movie did have some petty weak villains, and eason fo Electo ecoming ad is just silly. All in all the movie did have some polems ut it was still vey enjoyale and it had heat.Kenmei	6	May,,7,2014	I and alot of my fiends who have seen this movie have all come to the same conclusion: While it wasn't as ad as we thought it was going to e, ased on the eviews, it still wasn't all that geat as eveything in the movie felt ushed with all the ad guys they wee thowing at you the entie time. Thee's alot going on in this ut it was kinda oing at times as well. It's clea they ae going to play up the Siniste Six angle in futue movies, and that might e fun to see, ut if they go aout thei usiness the same way as in this one, it definitely won't e vey ememeed in the futue. I think Andew Gafield is a ette Pete Pake than a Spideman. The man cetainly knows how to cy on sceen. He and Emma Stone eally mesh togethe vey well and I'm glad they took May Jane out of this one at the last second ecause the focus of the movie was on these two and not a thid wheel. The fights wee petty good, with the slow-mo effects eing hit o miss. But this movie just doesn't hit the mak like some of the ecent Supeheo movies have, like Cap 2 o Tho 2 o even the Avenges to a lesse extent. I hope they go ack to the dawing oad a little it hee fo the thid one and don't ty to just stuff as many things as possile into a 2 hou movie like they did hee. It's honestly quite Amazing they got all of this to wok as well as they did hee. But I'll say it's not as teily ad as alot of people ae suggesting. It's just mildly ad.Skymann	5	May,,9,2014	Inconsistent, land and ties to e moe genes than it should. Electo looks like a 'WWE2K14' Ceate-A-Westle and Pete cies aout evey little thing.martinex	4	May,26,2014	Gafield/We is quickly ecoming  to Spide-Man what Clooney/Schumache was to the Batman fanchise.  I'm supised the Tansfomes didn't make an appeaance.SamBlaize	3	May,,9,2014	This is one of the wost films I have eve seen. I honestly feel a 3 is geneous hee. Fist, the positives: the Spide-Man suit hee is eally, eally good. The effects look nice (though the way Electo's electicity is visualised is petty stupid), and ae cetainly ette than the pevious film. Gwen and Pete wok togethe, kind of, ut that's only on the asis of the acto's ailities and has nothing to do with the witing o diection. The plot is a set of theads that don't coheently link togethe in any way. The only eason any of them eve connect is ecause they need to. Fo example, Gwen pops up nea the end of the Electo fight ecause she needs to e thee fo the Golin scene. How do we get he thee? Oh, I guess she steals a police ca. The witing is just so idiculously lazy, I swea they came up with the majo actions scenes and then decided how to link them late. Thee ae so many pats of this film that ae just laughaly poo. Anything to do with Aunt May, Hay and Noman's scene, the fake "uddy-uddy" elationship of Hay and Pete (who haven't even seen each othe fo a decade and ae suddenly est fiends again, eminiscing aout old times), the ghost of Gwen's dad, some of the music choices (paticulaly when Pete is moping aout Gwen/looking up info aout his fathe), the "we-hand" nea the end, the Golin's appeaance, the way Electo is eaten, the final shot/scene. I mean eally, the end of this film, eally? That's how you end a film? And fo a film whee so little happens, it's so damn long. I wanted it to end aout 90 minutes in, and thee's still so much to go. Make no mistake, this is an ojectively ad film.Skulb	1	May,25,2014	By fa and away the wost Spide-Man movie I have eve seen and almost as ad as Daedevil. It aely has a plot at all and the dialogue is so ad most of the scenes involving talking would e ette with ea plugs on so you wouldn`t have to listen to them. The guy playing Spide-Man is incapale of deliveing a single, ill witten line fo the duation of the movie. It all comes off as cony(in a ad way), onoxious, unelievale o all thee at once. He eminds you of why adults as a geneal ule loathe high school age young people: instead of speaking popely it`s all AAAHMs and EEHs stuck in all ove the place, and some annoying cool guy gimace, head oing and all the othe hallmaks of ham acting and/o a lack of civilized education.If it wasn`t fo ALL the dialogue in ALL the scenes etween Pete Pake and Hay Oson, all the dialogue etween Pete Pake and Aunt May and in paticula all the dialogue etween Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy I might give this movie aout a 4, even if it would then have een aout 35 minutes long, if that. But evey stilted, pooly witten and atociously diected "love" scene etween Pake and Stacy dags the movie down, down down until I fo one sat with my sweate upside down ove my head to distact myself and so I would not have to watch the disaste. Once o twice I even put my hands in my eas and ued vigoously so I wouldn`t have to listen to the inane ale posing as dialogue in this movie. It all sounded as if a couple of undeachieving twelve yea olds had witten it.As fo the villains, Electo is a lack guy while he of couse was not in the comics. Othewise he is the only positive thing I can mention aout The "Amazing" Spide man 2. The Geen Golin looks like he has some fom of geen necosis wheeas he of couse woe a mask in the comics. And since he is now played y a guy who looks like weighs aout 80 pounds the entie thing just looked silly.But these ae fa fom the only deviations fom the oiginal stoy. The Rhino was not a oot, fiing missiles at civilians, ut a supe human ank oe who had een given geat stength ut also a hino suit he coulndn`t emove. And to think they stuck the only good acto appeaing in this tukey (Paul Giamatti) inside a tansfomes like ocket launche efoe calling this insult The Rhino. i was hoping fo as long as possile that it was not The Rhino, ut this ecame impossile as soon as Giamatti shouted "I`M THE RHINO!". Talk aout sutleOf couse the gating Gwen Stacy also dies in the wong place and aout two hous too late to escue the movie fom its complete lack of quality. And even afte they finally kill he off, afte a idiculous sequence of aloney inside a clock towe which was moe eminiscent of the classic Donald, Mickey and Goofy catoon than the comic aout he death fom the 60s, they somehow manage to esuect he in flashacks. She even epeats a pointless gaduation speech, as if it wasn`t tite enough the fist time aound. And it`s not just that it`s ad, ut that it is neve stops. The movie has aout a 75-25 alance etween these hoile scenes with Pete Pake talking to people, with his est fown and I have a 75 IQ smile on, and action/othe, less hoile scenes. But in entiely the wong diection! I aely had time to lean ack with my popcon to enjoy some dialogue-fee action efoe he was thee again, popping up like some ecuing nightmae with his uneaaly poo dialogue. If Stacy, May and Oson had all died in the opening scene in a ca cash this movie would have een ette. I don`t cae if they had eplaced them with endless scenes of Gafield fighting hoodlums in New Yok ack alleys. It would have een ette. I don`t mind alteations to the plot, which is aout 50 yeas old afte all. But at least make them ecause they ae impovements o indeed fo some intelligile pupose whatsoeve, and not just to make Gwen Stacy a feminist o give the Geen Golin the plague.All the CGI in the wold couldn`t have saved this one. And I wasn`t all that impessed with the visuals eithe. All flash and no sustance does not a good movie make. You need elievale chaactes, good dialogue and you know...a plot. This movie has neithe. Avoid like the Geen Golin`s skin condition!kamgeforce	6	Aug,23,2014	Typical movie fom ameican poduction, action scenes ae geat ut eveything that happens etween them ae just cingy "emotional" moments full of clichés.lasttimeisaw	6	May,,7,2014	My latest cinema-going of a 3D spectacle of the second chapte of the Amazing Spide-Man, wheeas its fist instalment THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN (2012, 6/10), a eoot of Sam Raimi’s sensational SPIDER-MAN tilogy, is a hit-o-miss in geneal, ut the Gafield and Stone pai does stand out with thei affale affinity and spontaneous chemisty, so when it is time fo Stone’s Gwen Stacy to take a ow and exit the fanchise, as fans know it fom the stat, he fate is pesaged y the comic ooks, ead est of the eview on my log, google cinema omnivoe.X-fushion	5	May,,8,2014	The visual FX ae outstanding, and the action sequences ae well executed, the polem with this film is the lack of focus the scipt has.Not only is filled with a idiculous and unnecessay love suplot ,  the villans ae weak, thee is only one villan in this movie: Electo and doesn´t manage to pull off his ole well, his only the ad guy ecause the movie needs one, thee's no elation etween heo and villan at all unlike The fist Amazing spideman with the ivaly etween Spidey/Lizad.And then ae the othe 2 villans, the Geen Goling shows out of nowhee and thei fight doesn't last fo a minute, and Rhyno shows up at the last 45 seconds of the movie to end it with a shot of Spidey and him clashing in a fight it's a tease to the next movie in fact The Amazing Spideman 2 is a tease fo the next installment it's a good distaction ut not a memoale one.Viperspider	8	Jun,,6,2014	Geat movie, ut it has a vey misleading taile and it's a typical "second of the tilogy" movie. The taile makes out that cetain chaactes have a lage pat in the stoy, ut in eality they have a total of aout 10 minutes. Thee ae also scenes in the taile which neve happen at all, if they did happen it actually could have impoved the stoy. The ending ties up leaving many stoy acs unfinished (typical of "second of the tilogy" movies), which is a it fustating ut the oveall expeience of the movie is enjoyale enough to fogive it.PulseEnder	8	May,,9,2014	The Amazing Spideman 2 is the sequel to 2012's Amazing Spideman, a eoot of the Spideman film fanchise. While the movie is definitely summe lockuste mateial, it goes into a completly diffeent stoy diection then its pedecesso. While the fist one seemed to give audiences a tue feel fo Pete's identity as not only a vigilante ut as a human chaacte, this movie thows a ton of suplots at you that it just feels kindof had to feel ad fo the potagonist when he falls into the eakup makeup cog tap with his gilfiend Gwen who just doesn't give off the same cham she does in the oiginal. When the Electo plot egins, the stoy doesn't feel as tagic as it does pathetic. The osessive pesonality ove Spideman as well as the idiculous uisness ethics of Oscop make you wonde whethe you supposed to feel ad fo this guy, o that you should think he is the dumest movie villian you've eve seen in a non-comedic summe lockuste. When Hay eunites with Pete, he also ecomes somewat ossessed with Spideman making him and Electo two despeate cliche movie villians that want some guy dessed in a spideman costume to save them fom thei insanity. Oh y the way, when Hay takes a tun fo the wost, the movie fails to explain why he ecomes so messed up, it asolutely does not explain the whys o how he shows up to kickstat the movie into a climax, all we know is that he plays cliche mad scientist. Don't get me stated on the Rhino, he doesn't even fight Spideman, he is the esult of false advestising one hunded pecent. If you want to see eveything the Rhino does in the movie, watch any of the tailes and you will know. I liked the pace of the movie and the visuals, the andomness as well, ut that is me, I know that this movie should have had a deepe plot and fulfilled its pomise to tuly have Spideman fight thee villians let alone not fight one. This feels like a sizzle eel that I enjoyed watching ecause I love Spideman ut it is just an exploit of movie cultue, that is: "Spideman will fight thee adass villians in a sequel to the eoot with the villians played y a well anged and talented cast of Paul Giamatti, Jamie Foxx, and Dan Dehaan." And that is what made me unhappy with the movie, it didn't even delive the main goods it pomised, and also left us with a stupid cliffhange and machete plot. Reccomend it fo eveyone ecause eveyone loves a spideman movie, ut this movie is eally one andom piece of wok that has enjoyale moments scatteed thoughout a movie of idiculous and edundant plot devices and cheap false maketing tactics.oblique15	6	Dec,20,2014	I eally loved the fist of " The Amazing Spide Man," seies. I can`t say the same fo this one. I was eally let down. It was a olle coaste ide fo me. I liked watching the chaacte Electo, ut it got a it caied away in Spide Mans love life.Don`t get me wong they had good chemisty, ut I wanted to watch a supe he movie, not a omance/dama flick. Instead of watching the "Amazing Spide Man," I felt like I was watching a movie aout Pete Pakes elationships.LeZee	6	Aug,31,2014	The second movie in the new Spide-man movie seies that diected y Mac We. I dout his potential afte seeing this movie. I feel someone should take his position efoe it ecome too late. In the histoy of the Spide-man movies, fom all the 6 this one is the wost. Commecially it has done a geat usiness that gaed aound $800 million all ove the wold, ut failed to delive anothe quality movie fo the fans. The movie engaged with the too much chaacte and suplots. The suplots wee not placed in the ight spots, kind of andom appeaance ings the chaos in undestanding the stoy. I had a high hope on this movie and it did not supply well. Fankly, I kind of lost inteest in Spide-man. Maye ecause it was too soon to eoot, I guess. ‘‘You want to e the heo.And now you gotta pay the pice.’’ The fist movie gave a decent e-stat fo the efeshed Spide-man movie seies. And what happened hee in this second installment was a disaste. The fist thing is it was nealy a 2 and half an hou movie that ought me lightly a headache to cay on thus fa. Actually, it was 10 minutes shote than what it is now, ut in the end they have developed a it longe to show the opening scene of the thid movie. When a movie got a poweful heo, it should have equally matched antagonist. If they ae matched, then the fight etween them ae the next thing to ing the est out of it. I think the Electo man did not click as they have expected, at least not to me. The stength he had was something eyond spide-man, ut did not unleash him in a pefect manne. Though Jamie Foxx was not ad in that avata, the filmmakes kind of wasted his pesence fo not so good scenes. Rememe the oiginal Spide-man was the moden supeheo movies, I mean it was done using compute gaphics. Aftewads 'Batman', 'Ion Man', 'Tho' and all wee followed. I like the vesion with Toey Maguie in it, though my ating declined y movie afte anothe in the tilogy. This eoot seies had a good opening, ut failed to get the momentum going. Especially all the emotions wee looked fakes that do not appeal like the oiginal movie seies did. Yes, it had a wondeful ox office and that does not mean the movie is good, eithe wost. But expected a little ette, especially in the negative chaactes. Andew Gafield was good, not awesome, ecause most of his masked pats wee CGI. Emma stone was anothe let down and could not help compaing he with Kisten Dunst, ecause she was no way nea, at all. The Dane DeHaan ole had the same issue and I don't know why people did not get ette space in the movie that an 140 minutes long. Like I said suplot spoiled eveything I think. The digital 3D and stunts wee poo. Yeah, thee ae many things to complain aout it than to paise, ut all the answe should come in the next sequel. If that makes igge, not commecially, I mean with a good stoy, gaphics and pefomances then thee will e no polem. But if it fails, I had to say 'ing ack the fouth installment of the oiginal movie seies'. Definitely not woth a watch, ut anyway most of the guys going to watch it o aleady watched it.iLightning	4	May,,7,2014	The stoy of this film is all ove the place. It asically focuses on setting up these two villains, just so spide-man can have a ig nutty fight at the end, with nothing in etween to keep us inteested. It still feels clutteed due to this oing omantic suplot with Pete Pake and Gwen Stacey, which ovestayed it's welcome in the fist movie and gets old fast in this one too. Thee is one moment which I thought was done vey well, though. The CGI is geneally vey good and the cast does it's jo, ut in my opinion its too long and uninteesting fo it to e a good supeheo action movie.PStakhiv	7	May,,7,2014	While this movie is entetaining - it failed to live up to expectations! Geat acting and action; supe chemisty etween Gwen and Pete! Teile villain developing; fogettale scoe! Oveall Amazing S-M 2 is on the quality level of Raimy's Spide-man 3 - entetaining ut flawed !!!Tom_green_day	8	May,13,2014	Intenet citics seem to hate it ut I eally enjoyed oth the supe-villain antics and Pake's eal-life dama. Andew Gafield is a geat Spide-Man and this is the pefect antithesis to the hugely gitty othe supeheo fanchises.Tessara_Vejgan	5	Aug,,4,2014	It was an ok movie ut it was too long. Took aout an hou efoe something finally stated to happen they could of easily cut 40-50 min o so and it would of een just fine (It last 2h 20min). Acting is good, stoy was ok and thanks to the ending I now want to know what happens next, like RIGHT NOW.boshi	9	May,,9,2014	while thee wee some things in this movie i didn't like, mainly some of the slow mo and the way it ended, i thing that oveall, the chaactes, stoy, and action make it a eally good watch. the effects wee good as well. i also eally liked the main villain, ut felt that thee wee a few unnecessay ones as well. oveall though, i think amazing spideman 2 is a good movie, just as good as the fist, and possily ette.sammurphy66	6	Jul,14,2014	Bad scipt, poo dialogue, yet ‘amazing’ visuals stengthened with solid acting, The Amazing Spide Man 2 lives down expectations with a scatteshot stoyline, an oveaundance of villains, and a pace fa to fast fo viewes to enjoy.kstud1	3	May,,9,2014	One wod, BORING!!!, tied of the supe heo pictues that ae 75% aout omance and 25% aout the villain and they ty to cam the action in the last 15 minutest of a two and a half hou film.otakudbz	10	May,15,2014	The Movie was awesome.Best Spidey movie eve.We watched an awesome stoy,and the focus was in Pete and Gwen's elationship.Jamie Foxx was awesome as Electo,ut Dane DeHaan,Andew and Emma saved eveything.BEST MOVIE EVER!kingabben	7	May,,7,2014	This movie has een vey difficult to eview.  At fist, I loved the movie, then looking ack I didn't.  I have finally made up my mind, and I think I actually favo it ove the oiginal ones; howeve, it took a lot of thinking. Fist, the music is asolutely awful.  Dustep in Spide-Man?!  Asolutely not!  The oiginals had amazing music!  Second, the pacing is a little odd; it goes fom action scene to love scene to funny scene to action scene to funny scene to action scene to love scene, and I kind of got lost in it all.  It was just too long fo a Spide-Man movie.  It also felt like a ig idge.  The CGI was also "eh"... Howeve, I actually liked the villains.  Although I would've liked to see the edemption of Electo, he was a satisfying villain, as was Hay a.k.a. the Geen Golin.  Also, the chemisty etween Stone and Gafield is AMAZING!!!  I was sad to see he die, ut it futhe oosted the emotion of the film.  The ack-stoy with Richad Pake (not fom Life of Pi lol) was also inteesting, and the I cannot wait to see how the Siniste Six plays out next movie... Oveall, a 7/10...erty_werty	7	May,,6,2014	Look i could go on fo hous talking aout what the movie did & didnt do (what woked & didnt) etc.. But afte heaing some of the negative uzz efoe going into the film i tied to see it as un iased as possile. And while its not the geatest supeheo film up thee w/ the likes of the Dak Knight o even Spideman 2 i can honestly say it was a fun time egadless...Sue some scenes felt a it stung out,coincidental and/o cheesy ut i would say if u hesitant just go see it, its eally not as ad as some view it IMO.Manolisspaik	10	May,11,2014	I don't undestand why people hate this movie so much. Yeah, the omance was moe than the action, yeah some pats ween't so good so what? Evey movie has a polem, whethe mino o seious. The movie was excellent. I sympathized with Electo, geen golin was well made. My only ojection was the design of hino, ut had a petty funny scene in the eginning of the movie, one of the few. To sum up, i think it is an oveall excellent movie with some mino flaws. Ooooh and when Gwen died... didn't see that coming, well played...chocolatebutter	8	May,11,2014	Bette than the fist Amazing Spide-Man and ette than anything out of the Raimi tilogy. The stoy definitely isn't pefect and at times feels like a clutteed gouping of othewise geat individual moments, ut oveall it entetains thoughout. Thee ae some plot devices used to connect diffeent theads that feel a it to convenient and undedeveloped. Thee ae also some campy humoous moments with Spide-Man ut they aen't ovedone to the point of taking away fom the est of the movie. The action scenes ae eally well done and the fist we slinging scene is the est that has een on the ig sceen yet. The costume is also fantastic, they eally nailed it. In my opinion while it isn't pefect this is still the est live action Spide-Man to date. Definitely woth seeing.CDG	9	Jun,26,2014	I thought this movie was stella. It had a few villain pacing polems, ut it was an awesome movie that I ecommend that has given me a new espect fo The Fiendly Neighohood Spide-man.rodsager	6	Aug,19,2014	The Amazing Spideman 2 had  an impessive opening weekend with a petty good take at 91.6 million. It was lighte than the 95 million posted y Captain Ameica, The Winte Soldie a few weeks ealie. Honestly, I liked the Cap a little ette than this Spideman movie anyway. I will avoid any seious spoiles ut cannot avoid indicating that thee ae some majo developments in this film. Be caeful when eading movie eviews if you haven’t seen it ecause the potential fo spoile ham in this flick is vey high. Because this is a eoot it is impossile not to make compaisons to the fist tilogy staing Toy Maguie as Pete Pake, AKA Spideman. Andew Gafield is geat ehind the mask. But that is eally moe cedit to the sceenwite’s poducing supeio Spidey wise cacks in the dialog that haken ack to the chaacte in the comics. I feel that Gafield’s Pete Pake is a little too cool. In all fainess the Pete Pake chaacte has mophed fom the oiginal 1960s shy nedy high schoole who gains confidence ehind the mask into a moe socially outgoing college student chaacte that uses his goofy humo to mask his insecuities. So the Gafield intepetation isn’t eally “wong” pe say. I just guess I pefe that oiginal geeky wimp pesona of the 1960s comics than the late incanation. Oveall I think Gafield does a ette jo in font of the camea as Pake and Spidey. This Spideman movie featues multiple ad guys, some with supepowes, some with authoitative powe. The movie dags a it with the complex elationship etween Pake/Spidey and Gwen Stacy. I don’t feel like they wee ale to manage the dama potion of the film that is necessay to tell the ack stoy and omance etween Gwen and Spidey. I like Gafield, Sally Field delives as Aunt May, I athe liked the quasi ceepiness of Dane Dehan as Hay Oson. It is inteesting that the Spideman ack in 2002 did a petty accuate jo of depicting the Geen Golin (Noman Oson) ut failed misealy using May Jane Watson instead of Gwen Stacy in the leading lady ole. At least this new eoot got the gil ight. Gwen Stacy was Pake’s fist love. In the comics May Jane was Gwen’s fiend. None of these movies thus fa has eally made that connection etween the two gils. I eally think that Sony’s involvement in the Spideman fanchise is a negative. Stan Lee has less contol ove the content in the Spideman movies ecause of contactual oligations to Sony/Columia Pictues. Oveall I did enjoy the movie. I felt the plot development was chunky at times ut Spidey’s chaacte and solid dialog made up fo it. Honestly it may e a little Spideman fatigue, what with this the 5th movie in 12 yeas to featue the we slinging supe heo. None the less, I think that Mavel fans and non-fans alike got thei 12 ucks woth watching this film. It is just that, evey time I watch a new Spideman movie I find myself ack to my favoite which is the fist one with William Defoe as Noman Oson/Geen Golin, and J.K. Simmons as J. Jonah Jamieson. Despite the discepancies to comic ook loe that fist one emains my pesonal favoite. Now that this is a DVD/Bluay ental, definitely see it!Alex_Tarasov	5	Jul,21,2014	the cental polem of the film The Amazing Spideman 2 is that the film can not decide what gene it go lockuste o dama. And a villians vey many.WelshTom	7	Jul,26,2014	Gafield's potayal of Spideman is the est thing aout the film - often cony ut always likeale. Afte spending a couple of hous quipping and we-slinging in equal measue like the supeheo he is, he ends with a pue and eal human touch. Bette than the fist eoot film, ut too many advesaial cooks spoil the oth, with none of them quite wothy of caying the antagonist toch y themselves.SkyrimGuy935	5	Jan,17,2015	Fo a movie aout Spide-Man, one of the most eloved supeheoes eve, this movie is shockingly clichéd and dull.  The dialog is awkwad and not paticulaly well-witten, and the plot was a jumled mess of villains, action sequences, and seconday chaactes you couldn't cae less aout.  The scoe would e lowe if not fo an emotional moment towads the end. 5.4/10vikesh2206	6	Nov,10,2014	Too much chaactes and suplots amongst othe cons theaten to ovewhelm the movie ut the entie cast led y the talented Andew Gafield (and the visual effects team) once again saves the day.DanRourke	9	Aug,20,2014	OK so this is coming fom a young, ut lifetime Spide-Man fan! I peodeed tickets. Got the 11 o'clock showing on May 1st. This movie opens up with spideman swinging aound the city, and chasing a tuck which has futue hino diving it. Its geat as the wise ass spideman cacks jokes and stops the villian. Classic good ole spidey. The action in this movie was asolutely geat! Emma Stone and Gafield wee geat. Electo was an ok villian. He didnt have enough uild up fo him to eally have an effect on you. But the CGI did look vey good. Geen Golin was vey well done (looks wise). it was like they took an apoach in etween the 2002 geen golin and the ultimate golin. I think he and hay hasd a decent stoy. Since the didnt kill him off like they did Venom in 07', it was fine. Gwens death the vey sad, ut vey, vey, VERY well done. Gafields acing was geat duing this scene as it was the whole ,movie! The vey end was good and ad. I loved it when spideman came ack afte his 5 month disapeaence. But the Rhino.... one wod AWFUL! I dont want to get into the Rhino. Oveall i thought this was a good film. if not eally good! Hoped you enjoyed ,my eview. im new, and only 14 so dont ash.SwiftReviews	9	Aug,27,2014	Wasn't sue of this movie at fist, ought it on DVD and was entetained fom eginning to end. Thought the inclusion of Electo would e difficult to pull off, ut the stoyline was effective and the cgi amazing! So many stoylines wee cammed into this movie, Pete's paents, Electo, Geen Golin (Hay Oson), the omantic elationship etween Pete and Gwen and yet it was all thooughly satisfying and enjoyale.  The cast wee all exceptional they ought the chaactes to life. Bette than the fist and also ette than the oiginal, with a twist ending that gave Spideman a eal eason as to why he needs to potect his identity, which i thought was missing in the oiginals. I couldn't ask fo anything moe fom a movie, i highly ecommend you uy it on DVD o Blu-ay.MovieOverlooker	6	Oct,14,2014	It has gone down compaed to the pevious one. This pat is vey long and the chaactes talk too much etween them. But The Amazing Spide-Man 2 gives us again a lot of mystey aout the disappeaance of the paents of Pete Pake, some magnificent pefomances y Andew Gafield and Emma Stone with wondeful visual effects and a nice (ut not as good as the pevious) soundtack. (61 - 100)danielponte1	5	Nov,,5,2014	ad villans, catonish, the only eason to watch this movie is to see the top cast and the geat special effects,  this movie is a new spide man 3 which is not a complementWJS	6	Dec,20,2014	This movie is all aout the special effects (which ae fantastic) even though it ties to e aout the intepesonal elationships of the chaactes. Unfotunately the scenes with the intepesonal dialogue ae ovewought and the visual and action sequences ae diected with a vey heavy hand. The actos ae vey good and do thei est with the dialogue and diection ut eally, this movie just doesn't succeed aove a Spide Man catoon o comic ook.UltimateBub	5	Feb,,1,2015	As a huge Spide-Man fan, I can't say this is a good Spide-Man film. Although I wouldn't call it a ad one eithe. The plot is just cazy stupid, the humo is so-so, the villains ween't good enough, etc. But the special effects and acting wee OK. The iggest polem with this movie is that it ties so had to e so many things, and unfotunately, ends up not eing enough. Bottom line: Is it ad? Not eally. Disappointing? Hell yes.FacelessJaguar	10	Mar,,9,2015	10/10 est Spide-Man movie and the est film of 2014 and the est supe heo movie to. I cant descie how good this movie is its all aout the stoy the villains/chaactes and the man himself and est Spide-Man to date Andew Gafield.Jefferygamer200	0	Oct,13,2015	This movie sucked **** OK so hee ae majo spoiles. Pete gets Gwen Killed then he isn't Spide-Man fo a while sounds familia then the ending the Rhino was just awful. It's awful I hate this movie fo it eing wose Spide-Man 3. And it will go down as the wost Supe Heo movie I've eve seen in my life.Blanche	6	Jul,,1,2016	A film with too many villains, geneally too many unde-developed chaactes and too much emphasis on the elationship etween Pete and Gwen. The atio was pooly calculated. This film had lots of entetaining moments fo sue, ut it flopped in cetain moments too. Fo example, I felt that the main villain should have een fa stonge than what was potayed and the esolution was ushed, which in tun didn't allow the film to ealise its full potential. As I said ealie, the amount of villain appeaances wee idiculous to the point that they wee poaly thee to simply incease the unning time. This made the film geneally unfocused and lack in diection. Cetainly one of the wost Spide-Man films ut I can't say it wasn't woth watching ecause thee cetainly was geat CGI and cinematogaphy. Geneally it was a decent film, ut athe than it eing empty o oing it was moe of a messy film with too much going on.ROFLoom	7	May,,2,2014	I have een counting down this movie since the day I saw the pomo image. I have spent poaly nealy $300 on Spide-Man poducts due to my excitement. I watch all the Spide-Man animated seies and can quote the Sam Raimi tilogy fom the stat of the fist movie to the end of the thid. So asically, I know my Spide-Man. I have neve uilt up anticipation fo a movie like this efoe. The tailes would give me gooseumps. Howeve, once I stated seeing the citics eviews I did egin thinking how the actual film itself would tun out. Hee is what I thought: The Amazing Spide-Man 2 has scenes that will make the audience asolutely smile. Andew Gafield and Emma Stone ae impossile to not love as the lead oles, ceating vey ealistic and adoale chemisty. Geat pefomances on thei pat. The villains howeve, I have some suggestions fo: SLOW DOWN. We ae intoduced to Max Dillon and he gets aout a total of 6 minutes of sceen time efoe tansfoming into Electo. He needed a longe, moe detailed ackstoy. He and Electo ae two completely diffeent people too. I think it would have een geat to have Electo come to his senses at the end when he sees that Gwen, the only peson who noticed him efoe he developed his powes, was in toule. It would have added depth to the chaacte athe than just having a man with supe powes, fo no eal eason, wanting to kill Spide-Man. Howeve, his special effects and physical appeaance ae always insanely awesome to look at. Paul Giamatti is one of the geatest actos on Eath, ut oy was his villain the least theatening thing you have eve seen. The Rhino appeas in aout 1/300th of the film, howeve it IS ecause they wee just intoducing him to e set up fo TASM3. Hopefully he is moe theatening then. The final villain, Hay Oson, had the lagest ack stoy, yet idiculously small Geen Golin sceen time. I cannot get too upset ecause they will e inging him ack as well, ut whee they messed up is having way too many plot points. We jump fom Pete tying to find the tuth aout his paents, a vey emotional scene fo him, to seeing him chasing Gwen down efoe she leaves to England, with no continuity of the eseach he just did, as if it neve happened. Thee is a lot of tonal whiplash you will get thoughout the film... sad scenes to happy to funny to action to omance in vey quick pieces of time. This movie eithe needed to e expanded, o needed to cut possily Electo's chaacte. He eally ended up having no impact on Pete's stoy o the Spide-Man univese's stoy as well... He was thee then he was gone... no lessons leaned, just a it of damage done to the city (again). Eveyone loves Spide-Man ecause most can connect with him. He also is known fo his witty humo, ut in this film he cacks jokes at all the wong times. Supe seious life theatening moments ae happening to him o those aound him and he will cack a quick smat-ass emak. That's one thing that was awesome aout Sam Raimi's tilogy, he focused on Spide-Man and Spidey's point of view of things, and how he would eact, athe than how Mac We focuses on no point of views, he shows us the movie as if we ae ystandes in New Yok watching this andom action. Hans Zimme, howeve, is some sot of symphonic God. That man ceates moe classic scoes than one can count. Electo's music is awesome, ut it was used the whole time Max was talking, not even as Electo yet, which eally distacted us fom who he is. Max needed some slow, quiet scenes to connect with the audience ecause that is the kind of chaacte he is. He was a tende, lonely man who wanted to e seen y the wold, and in the taile they did a faily well jo of showing that, ut in the movie... eh. Basically not one line fom the taile is in the movie as well y the way. Oveall, it was a vey enjoyale entetaining movie, awesome action and effects, an IMAX 3D visual spectacula. The filmmakes just need to slow it down, slow down the pocess, quit focusing on pomoting this movie gloally and instead wok on the film itself. I love Spide-Man, and this one did pack quite a it of emotion egadless the tonal whiplash, and I will egin counting down fo TASM3 now. 768 DAYS!jellyalv	9	May,,2,2014	Mac We manages again, almost ionically, to delive a nice Spide Man movie to the fans. As many noted , the movie itself focus on Pete and Gwen's omance and less in the action scenes and villains, ut that is why Gwen has a citical point to the plot. Even though it's not 100% loyal to the comics, they'e tying to ing the most elevant points to the movies. Andew Gafield has impoved as oth Pete Pake and Spide Man, making you laugh with Spidey's sense of humo and chaisma, while Pete makes you cy when he stuggles to e with Gwen and potect he at the same time. Some of the stuff showed in the taile wee cut fom the movie. The movie could have een igge and the villains and Spide Man could have showed up moe, ut the movie is an intoduction to something even igge. Hope the next movie shows a even igge fight and maye Spidey can show up in The Avenges 3.YujinXshadow	8	May,,3,2014	Thee ae some things in it need to e fixed such as the oigin of Geen Golin ecause it felt a little ush as well as the intoduction of mechanized Rhino at the end, ut it was fogivale.The main addie, Electo is vey well done with his oigin oth eing a noody and a God-like supe villain.And the amazing complicated elationship of Pete and Gwen is just asolute emotional and elatale.And eveything aout the chaacte of SpideMan? It is hands down the est SpideMan eve existed in film histoy.MrMondu	7	May,,4,2014	Is it Spide-Man 2? Of couse not. But it's still a good enty in this new saga of Spide-Man films. And definitely much ette than its pemiee enty. It cetainly fails fom simila cutches of Spide-Man 3; fa too much of Sony clouding a good stoy with setups fo whateve they think will ceate moe money-making oppotunities. But the stoy-lines pesented ae much moe expanded and given acceptale sceen time than the eve-compaed Spide-Man 3, and the Spide-Man we see hee is a tue comic Spidey than we have yet to expeience. The emotion, heat, and cockiness of ou costumed Pete is filling the scenes fom stat to finish.Thee is a lot that's attacked duing its 2.5 hou time-span (and occasionally too much fo the film to flesh out), ut any viewe looking fo an enjoyale outing with thei we-head will e pleased. It's not going to ende any citics astounded, and it's not going to to e the est Mavel-licensed film fom the last 5 yeas, ut it will leave an impession on you in moe positive ways than it faltes.Rox22	7	May,,2,2014	Moe o less on pa with the fist movie. Some things ae ette, somethings ae wose, ut on the whole they alance out. The ovious flaw hee is the scipt. Like many have said, it feels like a collection of scenes haphazadly pieced togethe. This makes the tansition fom scene to scene feel unnatual. I was woied that the movie would have villain satuation (like in Spide Man 3) ut no. Electo was the focus. It is ovious that the othe villains ae simply put in as a tease to the Siniste Six movie. Fai enough ut that makes one wonde why they got top illing in all the ads and postes? Also, Pete's paents feel needless and that stoy ach takes up fa to much sceen time. Now fo the positive: I love Gafield as Spide Man/ Pake, he eally does fit the ole (even if he is a tad too old.) The action scenes ae allot of fun and the effects ae fist ate. Electo is fantastic and Foxx did an amazing jo. Rest of the cast also play thei oles well. Oveall:Spide-Man 2 feels a it eatic, ut still allot of fun to watch. A it moe post poduction and stene scipt appoval was clealy needed and I hope they lean fom this and not epeat fo the next movies.Gravus	8	May,,8,2014	People have gotten so ovely citical aout comic ook movies lately.  They aen't fine at.  It's a eason to put guys in funny suits to fight each othe while destoying univesally ecognizale locations.  They ae inheently stupid.  This movie is a little too long and doesn't make pefect sense a lot of the time.  But it's decently shot, the effects ae good, it's coloful, the action is fun, the actos decently potay human eings, and it makes you foget aout the eal wold fo a couple of hous.  It's not going to win any majo awads fo deep compelling and well thought out stoy telling.  But then again neithe was the souce mateial.  It's fun, dum, summe lockuste, pop con stuff and thee is nothing wong it.Freddie_Lee	7	May,,2,2014	Awesome special effects and good entetainment, ut the scipt could e less confusing ! I loved the pats of Andew Gafield and Emma Stone, ut the villains could e developed much ette !Haduken	7	May,,6,2014	Well I thought this movie was definitely ette than the fist one. The chaactes wee ette defined, and let's e honest, Andew Gafield plays a ette eccentic Spideman than Toey Maguie. The plot seemed to e alight, although it did focus moe on the elationship status of the movie. If you have ead the comics, you will ealize that this movie follows them to a T.kaine	9	May,,3,2014	The Amazzing Spide-Man 2 is a movie that we can see the TRUE Spide-Man and the TRUE Pete Pake in a way we neve seen efoe. Andew Gafield is the pesona of the chaacte, Emma Stone is lovely like always and Dane DeHaan potayed a Hay Oson caismatic and lunatic at the same time. Teic!Loler13gr	7	May,,2,2014	Although it feels like a movie long tease taile fo the next movie ( Siniste Six ? ) it's still a nice movie... Amazing pefomances y all the chaactes and a nice stoyline oth funny and damatic... The only thing that otheed me is that the peviews and the tailes give you the idea that the movie is going to have thee villains and in the end only Electo is the main ad guy....Thegodfatherson	7	May,,3,2014	The Amazing Spideman 2 is awesome. Fo the most pat. TAS2 is a igge and olde Spideman movie, although I didn't find the vie and sense in its pedecesso, Andew Gafield epises his ole as Pete Pake, still slinging though the eautifully eceated city of New Yok, uildings look awesome- and in 3D, even ette. But this time, ASM 2 intoduces 3 villains- Geen Golin, Electo and Rhino. All of those which ae eing played y Dane DeHaan, Jamie Foxx and Paul Gimmati. The film does a good jo of epesenting Spideman and his oigin. But, it can e a long movie. ASM 2 is eally slow, and it neve expands on who Richad Pake o any oigin of any villain is. If you want an Electo oigin stoy- imagine Jamie Foxx sceaming in a pool full of eels. Dane DeHaan is Hay Oson aka The Geen Golin, his acting was top notch ut still not ette than the James Fanco in Spideman 2. Paul Gimmati gives the est acting fom the unch, Rhino is looking ette than eve, ut the movie neve exploes on his stoy, instead it gives you some    unnecessay tea jeks. Well, this is not what I expected, watching all of the seies, I think Sam Raimi had moe to accomplish than Diecto Mac We. But emaking a seies is had, and We gave it his est. Howeve, if you want to watch a colouful, enegetic and well shot Spideman movie- than go fo it. If not, it's ette to uy this one on BluRay. ASM is igge and olde ut not ette.Scorpion	8	May,,3,2014	Consideando que o ultimo filme não me agadou , fui paa ve este com a quase ceteza de decepção ceta, mas tomei um violento tapa do dieto Mac We, pois o filme é muito om com uma eviavolta tonal e do enedo muito inteessante ,seus unicos eos são a colocação do omance ente pete e gwen em momentos inopotunos e o oteio que as vezes é um pouco peguiçoso.groosenater	10	May,,5,2014	This  movie is amazing! The standad was aised with how amazing the new captain Ameica was ut this is film is vey close in quality. The film is fun yet sad, just as spideman films should e. Electo is a geat villain and the acting was amazing ut nealy all involved! Dane Dehann was a geat Hay Oson! The film ends with many questions left to e answeed and a lot of people didn't like that ut I find myself just that much moe excited fo the thid film! Go see it!!!! ps. Citics ae ad at thei joniknokseyer	10	May,,4,2014	Loved the movie. Kinda happy fo the whole eoot to e moe a lil' close to the comic ook. I do love Toey's Spide-Man(s) ut the eoot is amazing as well. Acting is geat as well. A must see fo all (family, kids, comic ook eades, Mavel fans).quincytheodore	7	May,,2,2014	Swinging with high voltage visual effects and fantastic soundtacks, The Amazing Spide-Man 2: Rise of Electo peches aove its pees. In a moe video game o comic inspied illustation, the oveall coloful tone woks wondefully, especially in lage scales fights such as in Times Squae, it's affling not many movies do attles in the famous location. Its multitude of talents does a geat jo in inging the chaactes to life; chemisty etween them is definitely pesent. Regadless of some flaws, naative might get cowded sewing numeous plots and villains, the movie will most likely satisfy fans and casual viewes alike. The stoy tells oigins of Electo and Geen Golin, played y Jamie Foxx and Dane DeHaan espectively, oth of which have awkwad elationship with the titula heo. Thei stoies ae a it foeshadowing, even moe so to those who have knowledge of the comic o seen the pevious tilogy and this might just e too pedictale fo some. Nevetheless the movie does a decent jo on modenizing the villains and keeping them gounded without eing too comical, it's a good choice not to put Electo in geen yellow spandex. Jamie Foxx cetainly has chaisma fo the main villain, although the fanatic aspect of the chaacte in ealy pats is odd. It's a it silly and too old-fashioned fo an oigin tale, he then ecomes moe appopiately menacing late on, patly due the lue CG face. Dane DeHaan is a suitale cast fo Hay Oson, I daesay even ette than James Fanco who peviously donned the geen cape. He's an eeie eminiscence of young Leonado DiCapio, even with simila haido. He takes the ole of Hay into a dake moe osessed pesona, one with volatile and conniving natue. Most of the movie is oiented in Pete Pake (Andew Gafield) and Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone) as they stuggle with emotion and passion. Both of them showcase pesonal touches; it's appaent that Gafield admialy ties to fill the potagonist ole. Spide-Man is a close moe elatale supeheo as he endues dout, guilt, and even the things odinay folks go though daily, Gafield plays to this stength petty well. Pops to Sally Field and Chis Coope as paental figues, each the pola opposite of the othe, complementing the heo and villain, espectively. Gaphic diffes fom the usual gitty mainsteam supeheo flicks, New Yok is displayed in all its viant wonde. At fist, it seems a tad close to video game, ut I fancy the distinct feel. When the movie talks aout hope aplenty, it helps to view the wold in adiance. Action is geat, often taking camea angles close to Spide-Man, slowing down just aely at the moment of impact. The use of audio matches petty well, Hans Zimme is a maste in this egad. Many techno dustep tacks focused on Electo lazing in the ackgound and electically pumping adenaline, it may appea ludicous at fist, ut it fits the movie illiantly. Pop and ock songs litte the movie, played just in the ight time. The poduction value is aggessive and undenialy entetaining. The stoy sadly may stutte thoughout the movie, thee ae just too many angles to show. Fom the omance etween the two, oigins of villains, the lingeing past, the pace sometimes take too long on cetain element and not enough on some. Not to mention the tansition can e cumesome, it doesn't help that the usual coincidence and pactical cliché plots still pesist. The flaws ae thee, yet its entie cast and poduction value oveshadow them. Its simple pemise of one ovecoming thei cisis is emotionally captivating, effectively pesented and thooughly entetaining.FefeTroncoso	9	May,,2,2014	The movie is eally good, the visual effects ae amazing and the plot was good, ut Electo had a teile motivation to e a villain and the est villain of the movie(Geen Golin) had a shot sceen time.fessisbest	8	May,,2,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 takes necessay isks to keep the fanchise fesh. But pacing issues and thinly witten villains hold it ack fom eing tuly "amazing'.heliospace	9	May,,2,2014	This is the movie that Spide-Man deseves. It is, indeed, amazing; Mac We and his team succeeded in this film, whee all othes have failed in adapting the stoy of Spidey: eathtaking scenes in the ight sequence, which in my view, wee pefectly adequate and famed; concise and convincing pefomances of the actos; heateaking scenes alanced with signatue jokes of ou neighohood fiend. Lastly, afte all the events, the tende feeling of slowly leave the cine wondeing when the next movie of the fanchise will e eleased.Lokathor	9	Jun,19,2014	This movie has a tone of eing a totally cheesy comic ook movie, in all the pefect ways that you'd convet a comic ook into a movie. The visuals ae fantastic, the sounds ae fantastic. The acting leaves a it to e desied fom time to time, ut it's poaly ecause Andew Gafield difts etween seveal pesona states at the eginning, efoe the movie settles down and the main plot ac happens. The plot itself is amazing, and has top-level pacing all the way thoughout. They've got moe than one villain (Geen Golin and Electo) and they lend them togethe fa ette than Spideman 3 mixed Sand Man, Venom, and James Fanco Golin. You should watch this movie.SimpleMethod	8	May,,3,2014	Good stuff! I enjoyed it. Andew Gafield and Emma Stone have eally solid chemisty that Mak We uses his ackgound in indies to extact quite well. The plot could have een tightened up a it, ut oveall it was a solid time at the movies.JsFights	9	May,,2,2014	Fantastic. Gafield ans Stone did an amazing jo developing thei elationship and the comat could e the est comic ook fight on the ig sceen of all time.JekSpacey	7	May,,2,2014	Two yeas ago, happy with the esult of the fist chapte of the eoot of Spide -Man , I hoped in a late chapte it eached , at least in pat , the matuity of the second chapte of the fist tilogy diected y Sam Raimi .Ove the yeas , howeve, things ae a little ' changed. I saw "The Amazing Spide-Man" a couple of times , and I noticed seveal flaws that I could not swallow. It will poaly e moe faithful to the comic ( I have not ead it ), ut fom the point of view of the film has not convinced me as the fist two Raimi's Spide-Man . This is not to say that I liked it, in fact I found it a decent movie , ut I had to scale the high expectations I had fo "The Amazing Spide- Man 2 ."As expected , in fact, this new installment in the eoot of Spide-Man does not each even the slightest matuity of Spide- Man 2, ut decided to put eveything on pue entetainment fom cinecomic . Fo this eason it stands out fom the multitude of Mavel movies eleased in ecent yeas . It is a cinecomic standad , which is fun and entetains geat, ut that does not offe anything moe . The scipt is , in fact , one of the iggest shotcomings of the film, especially with egad to the chaacteization of the two villain , a it ' too confusing and , especially , vey foced . With the love stoy etween Pete and Gwen have done a ette jo, ut they wanted to dedicate a space fa too invasive , making it seem almost out of place the two villains . At the same time , howeve, they have impoved a lot the quality of the special effects , the costumes of Spide -Man and the two villains (aside fom Rhino ) , and consequently also the visual impact , which , especially in the action scenes , it is vey moe intense than the fist. This , thanks to the ovious impovements made ​​y diecto Mac We. Faulous sequence in Times Squae and the epic final attle etween Spide-Man and Electo . I do not want spoiles, ut I tell you that only the last half hou and captues the vey essence that this film had to have .I admit I found it a it ' moe chaotic than the fist, ut the final half hou , and the stong visual impact have made "The Amazing Spideman 2 ," a film wothy of its pedecesso, and sometimes even etteEddiem0422	9	May,,2,2014	Oveall, I eally enjoyed this movie. I was skeptical at fist ecause of the way they advetised this movie soooooo much. Liteally to the point that thee was a new taile coming out evey week. But, with that eing said this movie is as accuate to the spide man comics as you ae going to get. Andew Gafield plays a geat Pete Pake and an even ette comical wisecacking spidey. Emma Stone is geat as always (thei chemisty is the highlight of the film again). Jamie Foxx was mehh as Electo, I felt as if they ought him on fo the CGI spectacle which woks in this film. Othe than that his chaacte is pooly witten. Paul Giamatti was a vey ove the top Rhino. I felt him and Foxx got the shaft on the witing and these two villains wee the only downside of this film. Dane Dehaan on the othe hand shines as Pake's est fiend Hay Oson. He gives you a sense of whats to come ut he plays Oson in a unique way James Fanco neve could. Geen Golin was the only villain done justice in this movie. But, fo the most pat, the cast is outstanding and the visuals ae second to none. Poaly the only movie I paid the exta cash fo 3d. And fo all you comic fans out thee. You have to appeciate that Mac we sticks to the souce mateial fo the most pat and doesn't twist key stoylines like Raimi did. Oveall 9/10FullMetalKarim	10	May,,3,2014	Loved this Movie. Spide-Man was fantastically potait und the Relationship etween Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy was wondeful. The Action was outstanding and the Music....just wow.I don't quite undestand the hate fo this Movie. Sue it has some Polems, ut which movie doesn't. I'm excited fo the 3th Amazing Spide-Man :DTylerH	8	May,,5,2014	My advice: Don't let the citics scae you away. Chances ae you'll find it entetaining, at the vey least. A lot of people seem to citicize the omance etween Pete and Gwen; howeve, I feel that it is a majo step-up fom the oiginal seies. Yes, thee's a lot of sacastic and, at times, dy humo, ut that's what makes it eal -- not to mention moe in-tune with the comics. Spide-man is supposed to e somewhat of a jokeste, and Andew Gafield potays this pefectly. Pehaps they just don't get it. The chaactes can e elated to, the visuals wee stunning (given a tad it ovedone), and thee was plenty of action to go aound. The people giving this movie anything less than a 6 ae just Nolanites eing ovely damatic. Though, if I did have to nitpick, I'd say a few of the chaacte design choices wee petty ad -- namely Rhino and Geen Golin. Especially Rhino. Additionally, We didn't quite captue the essence of Hay and Pete's fiendship as well as he could have, as it definitely felt foced.memo_rx	10	May,,3,2014	This movie is awesome, if you ae a fan of the comic, you can't miss this one. I feel the citics ae out of touch with the fan ase fo this movie (supise, supise). Spide-Man 2 takes some time to uild the momentum at the end, ut it is to undestand why Pete Pake is the why it is, and why his decisions ing heavy consequences. Just like the comic, the movie ings humo, emotions, quality action, awesome enemies and also awesome fiends. If you like Spide-Man, if you gew up with Spide-Man like I did, this movie is a no aine. TL:DR I love it and I would watch it again and again.tonylionedo	10	May,,6,2014	A tuly amazing spide man movie,the stoy is away ette that fist one,and the gaphics,wow, it eally low my head and take my eath away,I watch this movie twice and still eage to see moe,like someone said,you will laugh and cy ,don't miss this,I sinceely admie SONY to ing this one of the est supeheo movie to me.fo me ,this seies is a geat achievement in movie industy,the spide man is moe close to odinay people's heat,unlike atman and ion man.it's the key why spide man movie is so touching,ecause we all want to have a hope,and we all want to ecome othe people's hope.esides,Andew and Emma ae play awesome in this film,especially Emma,I have cush on he since EASY A,and this film makes he moe chaming to me,I can't say enough,afte all,it's a must see movie,I highly ecommend this.AmongstYou	5	May,,4,2014	This film is vey flawed. It has many polems, most of which ae caused y the athe sloppy fist enty into this new Spide-Man fanchise. But, it's tying. You can see a lot of effot eing made to make this as good of a movie as possile, and that effot did somewhat shine though. It's not pefect, ut it's definitely not just "okay." It's fa ette than that. Fist off, it nails Spide-Man as a chaacte. Andew Gafield is geat as Pete Pake, ut he's illiant as Spide-Man. Gwen Stacy, who is played y Emma Stone, also is pitch pefect once again. James DeHaan is the est Hay Osone yet, ut sadly his stoy ac is ushed to whee it doesn't feel like it fully woked, though I have no qualms with his fantastic pefomance. Electo, o Max Dillon, is played y Jamie Foxx, who I have to say is on a ole lately with his acting oles. Howeve, I can't help ut feel he didn't get enough focus in the film due to the filmmakes tying to shove in Hay and even a it of Rhino. If I could do this film seies my way, I'd have Hay Osone in the fist film inteacting with Pete duing high school, infeing a long elationship etween the two, and have him e shipped off to oading school at the middle of the movie, until he comes ack fo the sequel. I'd also make Electo the main villain of the second film with no *SPOILERS* Geen Golin at the end, o Rhino. The stoy is ette than the fist, and y the end, the weighty mateial feels justified, though it's had not to think that the film is vey loated, which is why I think some of it should have een put into the thid film instead. Still, this movie is good, and feels like a Spide-Man movie, ut it's just not amazing. It has some amazing moments, especially towads the end, which I won't spoil, ut othe moments just feel dull. Hee's hoping fo a moe sensational sequel.JullTheAmazing	10	May,,5,2014	A film with much feeling, witten with wondeful, full of splendo in thei actions and motivating omantic scenes. Shocking scenes of action, much guaanteed entetainment, a wondeful and unique expeience. The est supeheo movies of all time, no dout it ismightymoose	8	May,,5,2014	This movie was action-packed! The two hous and thity minutes went y vey quickly and thee wasn't any pat of the movie that I ememe whee it felt dawn out. The love stoy was a ecuing theme ut I neve felt like it got in the way of the action and it was vey staightfowad. No love tiangles o any oveplayed dama like the pevious tilogy. I eally liked the cast. This Hay Oson has moe emotion and you can clealy see him go insane little y little until he lossoms into a eal villain. James Fanco's chaacte neve eally went 100% villain (and that took thee movies), ut this new vesion does ecome Spideman's wost nightmae (simila to Havey Dent in Dak Knight) vey quickly. So I can't wait until the last installment of this tilogy whee they ae poaly going to have a full-scale wa etween Hay Oson's new cew of villains and Spideman. Hopefully, with some of the cast dying/leaving, it opens the doo fo some ceative additions to the cast that will play a chaacte on the good side instead of the ad. Oh, and one of my favoite pats is nea the end whee the little kid in the Spideman Halloween costume comes out and ties to take on Rhino. I thought that was a petty cool scene to sneak in at the end.Dark0s	10	May,,3,2014	The Movie was way ette than expected, the pat of which Gwen dies was hoile yet amazing, it's ette than the fist movie which is geat too, ut without dout its ette than the old tilogy, the acting wee the est ut the movie editing was aveage.JuanPiron	8	May,,3,2014	Que die de the amazing Spide man 2, simplement qu'il est au dessus du pécédent tant au niveau visuelle que au niveau du scénaio même si je epoche à ce denie sa fin, qui n'est aute qu'une fin âcle pou couvi la vaie fin qui elle n'est pas une happy end. Je cois que la plus gosse eeu du film et de pense qu'il vont pouvoi nous emplace Gwen. Ceci passe tés mâl au niveau du pulic. On ne pouas jamais oulie Gwen sa fait quand même plus de 4h que l'on vit les aventue de spidey avec elle. Vous me diez alos pouquoi!!!!!!! 8 comme scoe. Tout simplement paceque c'est le meilleu Spide Man qui est était fait, tant pa son esthétique que le este de l'histoie, et oui on est alos ien iloin de la pemièe tilogie et de son pantin de Bouffon vet, tès eau alentit, constate, film esthétique. Contaiement au pemie qui avait top de essemlance  avec la pemiée tilogie ici The Amazing Spide Man pend vaiment son indépendance.Sinon pou teminez je vous conseilleez d'alle le voi, tès eau spectale.TheMarine316	10	May,,3,2014	I eally don't undestand some citics at times, just like with Man of Steel, I feel the citics went into this movie aleady pepaed to dislike it, this movie does have some polems ut most of them stem fom pesonal pefeence, the tone jumps aound a lot, at times it feels eally matue and is cateing to adults then the next scene something is said o done that makes you feel that it's cateing to kids, so at times you get the feeling that this movie suffes fom an identity cisis, then u thow in the fact that 1 o 2 of the villains in this movie wee simply not needed and that the aspiations of this movie wee so huge that they kept thowing things into it that ween't needed... I know it sounds like i'm eally down on this movie so hee's the supise... I LOVED THIS MOVIE... Ealie I said it comes down to pesonal pefeence, I didn't mind the change in tone fom seious adult movie to cateing to kids at times and thee was some eally cheesy dialog ut I can fogive that ecause this movie was just so dan entetaining, I wanna make one thing clea... Andew Gafield owns this chaacte of Spide-Man/Pete Pake, egadless of if he's in o out of the suit he is the chaacte fom how he loves eing spidey, his love fo Gwen and his fea of losing he, his elationship with aunt May all the way to how he inteacts with the villains, sony needs to sign him to moe Spide-Man movies eyond the thid, Andew Gafield and Emma Stone's chemisty on sceen almost feels unfai to any othe paiing it's so pefect... Like I said ealie this movie has some polems ut I ovelooked all of them ecause fo me they wee small nitpicks that didn't take away fom the oveall enjoyment of the film, this movie is the definition of a Summe lockuste, it's got action, mystey, omance and heateak, eveything I like aout these comic movies so fo me... and I don't do this much... it's a 10Just1nsane	9	May,,3,2014	That movie was the est spideman that was made to date. The scoe was eally good we had people singing in the theate. The chaactes we had people getting emotional as well. The cheesy lines Spidey says is how it's supposed to e have you eve watched the catoon seies? Also the same with the new Yok people its supposed to e comical its coming fom a comic ook lol. I'm soy not evey comic ook movie needs to e dak and like the dak knight. I enjoyed the movie vey much the people I was with enjoyed it. The people in the theate as well. Now I will agee yno was idiculous and needs to go. The uild up to geen golin was not vey well put that's why this movie was a 8.5/10 fo me.﻿Rzibara117	10	May,,3,2014	The amazing spide man 2 is quite possily the est supe heo movie I have eve watched, and is without question the est spideman film to date. Excellent movie, the chaactes, plot, diection, soundtack, and acting wee all fantastic, all I could think of afte watching the movie was going to see it again.Kaelrage898	10	May,,4,2014	The Amazing Spide man a mixtue of action,good acting and goofiness...I was supised of how good this movie ended up eing.I'm a huge Spide man fan...this movie was the est one in my opinion...eveything that you would like in a spide man movie....amazing!tmjns43	9	May,,3,2014	The fact that this film cuently has a mixed scoe is asud, this is easily the est Spide-Man film to date, and one of the est supeheo films eve made. I suspect much of the negativity stems fom the itteness many people have egading Spidey not eing pat of the Mavel cinematic univese. But make no mistake aout it, this film is fa ette than most Mavel movies - only the ecent Captain Ameica film can come close to it. It also poves that thee is so much to the wold of Spide-Man, that thee's no need fo cossoves o additional supeheoes. This film is poweful, emotional, gipping, intense, and tagic. The acting is incedile and the special effects ae stunning. The movie is long, ut contay to some othe eviews, it neve dags. The soundtack is illiantly done. The oveall theme and message is one that we all need to e eminded of. Go see it, you won't e disappointed.VinnieFernandz	10	May,,2,2014	watched the movie yesteday and I can say it is the est movie of Spide-Man. They made it as good old joke eve without exaggeating, and the scipt is vey good! (some spoke of oth the scipt and gave little note) Fo me ta fantastic scipt. And the action scenes do not need to say that neithe ae spectacula, well-designed and well fitted in evey movie. Has enough dama also fo Gwen and Pete, is not vey damatic one without molasses, vey daoa! The stong point of the film fo me was to epot staight like to e Spide-Man, the Daily polems he has in the city and how it elates it with family and himself!daveyboy1_2	10	May,,2,2014	So, I saw this movie last night. It was fantastic. I don't undestand these negative eviews, they ae completely idiotic in my opinion. The movie has awesome acting/chaactes/stoy-telling/action/etc. I asolutely loved this movie. Must see. Tuly amazing in my opinion. Spideman has neve een ette!AGarcia732	8	May,,2,2014	This sequel to The Amazing Spide-Man is igge and olde in evey way: moe villains, moe suplots and stoylines, moe action sequences and CGI, etc. Thee is a lot iding on this sequel, ecause afte this Sony is planning an Amazing Spide-Man 3 and 4, a Siniste Six film, and a Venom film. Sony is tying to eplicate the illions of dollas Disney’s Mavel Cinematic Univese (MCU) has made, and to do that means a igge univese and moe chaactes, ight? The eviews fo this movie have een mixed. This movie has a lot of pessue on it to succeed, and in some people’s opinions that didn’t happen ecause of the compaisons to the oiginal Sam Raimi tilogy (Spide-Man 2 in paticula, and Spide-Man 3 due to the fact that each have 3 villains) and the comic ook souce mateial. The question is: does The Amazing Spide-Man 2 supass its pedecessos? I do like the oiginal movies. I will always have a place fo them—I gew up with them as a kid; I once thought Spide-Man 3 was the est movie eve! Howeve, I have e-watched them (I own the entie tilogy on DVD, even Spide-Man 2.1) and I now see they aen’t pefect. I have also eviewed them on Metacitic; so I won’t get so in-depth hee. Nostalgia’s a mixed ag, isn’t it? In my pesonal opinion, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is ette than The Amazing Spide-Man and slightly supasses the oiginal tilogy. Why do I elieve that? Well, it’s honestly ecause it feels moe fun and exciting to ME; the action in the film and the pesonality of Spide-Man is appealing to ME.The cast is geat and has impoved. Andew Gafield has done a ette jo of making Pete moe funny and playful now in this second film instead of the jek and doucheag he was in the fist. Gwen and Pete’s elationship in this film is as cute as eve. In eal life Andew and Emma Stone ae a couple. And so thei on-and-off sceen chemisty woks out eautifully in my opinion; they ae geat (even if thei elationship is petty umpy in the movie). Aunt May shows moe emotion. Now, some will compae this to Spide-Man 3 simply ecause they each have thee villains. But Rhino has a small and mino ole in this film; he is only in the film fo a total of 5 o 6 minutes, including without his mech-suit. So he almost doesn’t count, and that leaves Electo and the Geen Golin. I pesonally liked oth ut oth ae a it ushed. Dane DeHaan is a geat Hay Oson: he’s chaismatic, gives depth to the chaacte, and delives a level of ange and soow I haven’t seen in him efoe. I think he wouldn’t have felt so ushed if he had een intoduced in the fist film. Max Dillon’s tansfomation fom Spide-Man-osessed, electical woke noody to supe-poweful supe-villain is done OK. Howeve, his easons of hated towad Spide-Man ae a it weak. The tio of villains could’ve had moe sceentime as thei alte-egos, and I think thee should’ve een moe of a igge fight etween them and Spide-Man. Electo wasn’t used to his full potential, and neithe was the Geen Golin. (Maye we’ll see moe in TASM 3 o the Siniste Six?) Both of these classic villains had a change in design, ut I still like thei look; I honestly neve had a polem with it. The new films might not e the most faithful to the comics, ut things change. I undestand that hadcoe fans might e upset, ut in Hollywood movies adaptations often stay a it fom the souce mateial. I have accepted this change. The CGI and colo palette fom the tailes, featuettes, TV spots, etc., has definitely impoved (As an example, that one scene whee Spide-Man hits the Rhino with a sewe lid—the ackgound that was ight lue against an oange explosion has impoved, dake, and moe ealistic colos.) The whole movie moves too quick fom scene to scene. Villains ween’t used to full potential. The movie elies too heavily on ait/teases fo futue films. It’s like an ad, fo an ad, fo an ad. It feels less like a movie and moe like a chapte in a ook. His geatest attle? His geatest attle so fa! Howeve, all things consideed, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is a good movie, yet flawed. I hope if you disagee with me that this detailed eview at least explains well enough my point of view. If you liked this in-depth eview, please ead my othe ones on a wide vaiety of movies and TV shows (including the oiginal Spide-Man tilogy and othe supeheo movies) y clicking on my name o oviously on the “Read this Use’s Reviews” utton, and please mak this eview as helpful. I put as much thought and effot into these eviews as I can, and it’s just a hoy so I’d e thankful. I almost passed my maximum chaacte limit! *SPOILERS AHEAD*The chaacte of Gwen Stacy died too soon. She had moe potential and was just a geat chaacte; I liked he a lot moe than Kisten Dunst’s May Jane. Electo’s APPARENT death was too quick and easy, he should’ve given Spide-Man moe of a fight. The same goes fo the Geen GoliSalaman	10	May,,2,2014	This movie is what any comic aficionado of the we slinge has een waiting fo a long time. Visually astonishing, emotional and exciting. The wold uilding will keep them high on thei seat when ealizing the possiilities in which this fanchise can go. I have to applaud the film scoe of this movie that is of exteme high quality, memoale.Badass	10	May,,2,2014	This movie was amazing. The pace was eally good and the villains wee feaking awesome. Also Andew Gafield pefectly fits the ole as spideman and I think he is ette than Toy Maguie  spidemanhrodi007	10	May,,3,2014	This movie was seiously AMAZING!!! The stoy line is geat, the visual effects ae vey impessive, and the music is top notch. Vey funny, damatic, and at some moments, a little scay... :)skykappah	9	May,,6,2014	Tust the use eviews, the citics ae wong!!  Anyway.. TASM2 is epic. Avenges kinda of epic. (well almost!)Well fo a single supe heo anyway!  Electo steals the show fo me in this and Gafield and Stone chemisty is again vey elievale. Though it's well ove 2 hous long, it passes quick, eveything aout it was fun and  effotless especially the Spide-man action scenes and they ae comic ook fame pefection.. I weed myself.Elite	8	May,,4,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is quite possily the est spide-man film thee is. It has what Sam Raimi's spide-man tilogy lacked; comic ook elevance. This movie ips staight fom the ultimate spide-man comics instead of tying to ceate new stoies and mess with them. Citics ight now ae eing too hash, this was a genuinely geat supeheo action film. It had an inteesting stoy what with Hay Oson and Max Dillon going though the unfotunate events that they do, long with the will they won't they elationship etween Pete & Gwen. Fist of all, Andew Gafield is PERFECT as Spide-Man/Pete Pake. While Toey Maguie did fulfill the nedy pat of Pake, he seemed moe likely to e killing people than saving them. Gafield ings eveything that Spide-Man is to the ig sceen, funny, heoic and seious all when necessay. Emma Stone didn't have as much to do in this film as she did in the last one, as the movie mainly focuses on Pete's stuggles in his cuent life. The chemisty etween Gafield & Stone is what eally makes them a elievale couple in this film (Maye ecause they ae in eal life?) Jamie Foxx was fantastic as Electo, a sympathetic nedy fan of Spide-Man's who goes against the wallcawle due to his shocking tansfomation. In the eginning you feel ad fo him ut as the movie goes along you ealise what Pete's effect on him is. Believing that Spide-Man needs him only to find out he says he needs ll the people of New Yok, eally eaks him as he is a chaacte who is socially awkwad and has neve eally had any fiends, along with neve getting any cedit fo the wok he does. So he unleashes his age against Spide-Man along with the Geen Golin. Now, it's no secet Hay Oson ecomes the Geen Golin as the tailes do show you quick looks at him, ut it feels like Hay Oson is in the movie longe than the Geen Golin is. Don't get me wong, Dane DeHaan was amazing in this film, leaps and ounds ette than James Fanco was. But he is the Geen Golin, so thees a feeling that he could have een in the film as the golin longe ut was cut down to maye a total of 20 minutes. Although all the tailes show Paul Giamatti as Rhino and make him out to e the ig thid villain of the film, he's only in the movie fo liteally 10 minutes. I wouldn't eally count him as a villain unde these cicumstances. Othe chaactes such as Sally Fields as Aunt May and Chis Coope as Noman Oson ae good in the scenes they'e in, it's just that they don't eally have as much of an impact as the main chaactes do. Oveall, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is the geatest Spide-Man film to exist though it does seem like it's tying too had to estalish a lage univese.moviemitch96	8	May,,4,2014	Definitely a wothy and entetaining sequel to the fist "Amazing Spideman" film. Like its pedecesso, this one sticks emakaly close to the comics and cetainly ings ack a few nostalgic (and tagic) moments. The action and effects wee geat, if not, a little excessive at times. Andew Gafield once again fulfills his ole nicely, as does Emma Stone. Jamie Fox pulls of a decent pefomance as Electo, and Dane DeHaan makes fo quite an impessive and siniste Hay Osone. Oveall, with the geat effects, pefomances, and stoy that's emakaly loyal to the comics, this makes fo one of the est and most fun Spideman enties so fa!thatSTERLINkid	7	May,,4,2014	[This eview contains spoiles, so unless you've aleady seen the movie o just don't cae, tead with caution.] Usually I'm ale to wite up eviews immediately afte I see a movie, ut this time I had to sleep it off. As I was walking out of the theate, I had nothing ut good things to say aout the movie due to how fast the 2 and a half hous went y, along with othe geat things that will definitely e mentioned in this eview... But fo hous, I found myself thinking: "How did this movie get such low scoes?" and as I woke up this moning, it hit me. The Amazing Spide-Man 2 may not e a ad movie, ut it does thow a lot at the viewe fom many diffeent diections, which is definitely this movie's downfall. Thee's actually so much going on in this movie that I'm supised Pete Pake having some kind of a mental eakdown wasn't scipted. Stating with what makes this film a mess as opposed to what makes it shine; the fist of many things that this movie thows at its audience is the asence of Pete's fathe, which is actually how the movie opens up. I suppose this could have een seen as necessay to the plot fo the sake of Pete's ack-stoy, ut as the film moves on you'll ealize that it's just one moe thing that this movie has to juggle. Following that is the incedily pedictale, and not enjoyale at all thanks to the tailes that spoil it, chemisty etween Gwen Stacey and Pete. This goes on thoughout the entie movie in a petty steady flow full of hadcoe feels that uild up to the ig moment, ut wait, thee's moe. In addition to Pete's past and love life is the upising of Maxwell Dillon, aka Electo, who's chaacte uild is actually pulled off petty well. It's a shame that it nealy gets downed out y eveything else going on, including the elationship etween Pete and Hay Oson. Despite eing in the film consistently fom the fist 30 minutes o so, Hay doesn't even make his tansition into the Geen Golin until the film's final moments. Confused yet? Because thee's even moe. At the vey end of the movie afte Pete takes a 5-month hiatus, thanks to what should have een the ig finale, The Siniste Six goes into development stating with Rhino teoizing the steets of New Yok. Fist of all, how did it take 5 whole months fo any seious cimes that equie Spide-Man's assistance to occu? Second, why would they close out the movie with a meme of the Siniste Six fighting Spide-Man efoe the elease of The Siniste Six movie, which Spide-Man is to have no involvement in? And finally, what in the wold wee they thinking when they put the final clip of the movie in the tailes? The whole time I was sitting aound, I kept heaing "But wait, whee's Rhino?", and if you take the clip of them in the tailes, then add cedits afte Spidey is aout to hit him, you've got the end. Petty lame. Howeve, thee ae actually a few souces of light in this long, dak, 2 and a half hou tunnel. What The Amazing Spide-Man 2 oveloads us with is made up fo with an amazing use of visual effects. Nothing looks like it's compute geneated, the CGI inteactions etween actos is spot on, and est of all, the film opens up with scenes filmed in my home town; Rocheste, NY. I actually even shouted "It's Rocheste!" a couple times, ut people didn't eally like that too much. The film's also petty smat with its use of music, as opposed to simply laing an oiginal scoe wheneve something gets even emotely seious. My pesonal favoites oth involve Max, though. The fist is when he ecomes Electo, and an electonic song is used to potay the thoughts in his head while kicking off an inteesting fight etween he and Spidey. Anothe was towads the end of the movie and involved Electo toying with Spide-Man and playing "The Itsy-Bitsy Spide" though poles of enegy. Really smat play thee. Thee was also a good amount of stategic foeshadowing that equied knowledge of the Spide-Man univese and didn't feel like a huge addition to the aleady clutteed stoy-line. A woman named Felicia was intoduced soon afte Hay Oson was, and despite not heaing he last name, I'm sue it's Hady. Felicia Hady is Black Cat in the Spide-Man univese, and seves as an anti-heo who I'd love to see in futue films. Thee was also a lot to see on the holo-gaphic images pesented in Oscop, ut unless you have the aility to pause it, you won't get much. I also like how Docto Octopus and Kaven wee hinted at. Oveall, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is exactly what I said it was in the eginning; not a ad movie, ut it does thow a lot at the viewe fom many diffeent diections, which is definitely this movie's downfall. I sinceely hope that the next couple films in the fanchise aen't this clutteed, and the Siniste Six movie doesn't flop as had as I think it will with so many stoies to tell in such a shot amount of time.TVJerry	6	May,,4,2014	Maye I should stop eviewing comic ook supeheo flix, ecause I've lost all patience with the gene. The pedictale stoies, ho-hum opponents and noisy action all play out in this sequel. Luckily, Andew Gafield (in the title ole) has loads of chaisma and cham that makes watching him enjoyale. Toss in his chemisty with Emma Stone and you have a eaale love inteest. Othe than that, thee's nothing new o special. Anothe downside of these films is the unnecessay length (1:42 in this case) that includes too much unnecessay dama and villainous postuing. I was neve oed, ut just tied of the uninspied fomula.Spanky	0	Sep,,3,2014	One of the wost movies I have eve seen.  The humo was lame and out of place.  I foced myself to watch it until the end to make sue the teile scipt would continue to the cedits.  It did.Auriell	0	Oct,,6,2014	Tons of people giving this movie a 10. Am I living in the twilight zone? No, poaly not - ut this movie was poaly inspied y the twilight movies. Thee ae so many wongs in this movie it is eally disappointing. Its almost like they ceated this movie as a eplacement fo lithium teatment - can't get any moe depessing than that.H4lo_K1ller	10	May,10,2014	While the golin fight felt a it ushed that did not make me not love this awesome supeheo movie.Ton notch stoyline, geat pefomances fom the actos and the special effects wee incedile.You will definitely walk out of this movie satisfiedbrohug	5	May,19,2014	A odeline disaste. Pehaps sufficiently ad enough to kill this incanation of the Spide-Man seies. Dialogue is clunky and the tone of the movie is all ove the map. At one point, as Pete and Gwen ae in a oom closet at Oscop hiding out fom some nasty secuity men, they ekindle a discussion of whethe she should go to he Oxfod study pogam in England o not. Times Squae is laid to waste (again) y Electo and the mass destuction of a New Yok landmak seems to get lost late in the on-going deate aout leaving fo Oxfod o not. The musical scoe is poo and often doesn't suppot the dama depicted. Dan DeHaan is an exciting young acto ut his Hay Oson seems a tad ove-the-top at times. Finally, this smamy Pete Pake/Spide-Man edition potayed y Andew Gafield is, afte two films, actually petty annoying. Sony must feel petty fustated with its cone of the Mavel univese. I wonde when the next impatient Spide-Man "eoot" will e geen-lit. This edition offes nothing that we didn't see and (dae I say) didn't enjoy ette with the fist two Raimi films.aeraphon	3	May,,5,2014	Geat actos in a loated film with plot holes and tone polems. 10 yea-old will enjoy, ut paents will e looking at thei watches. This elongs on the shelf with "Batman and Roin" and "X-Men Oigins: Wolveine". This had the campiest, cheesiest tone I've seen in a long time. Electo is played as confused lose pio to his tansfomation, we ae neve eally clea why he hates Spideman, and it's had to feel menace when he is such a clown in the eginning. Dane DeHaan as Geen Golin is completely wasted - he was geat in Chonicle, and has an ai of menace in this. He wants Spideman's lood to cue him of a fatal disease, his fiend Pete won't give it to him fo easons that ae neve explained. The scoe in this film is awful - it eminded me of watching Disney channel, o a ad sitcom, whee we constantly need to e told how to feel y the music ecause the scipt itself cannot make us feel humo, excitement o tension. It looked like a film designed y a committee to maximize spin-off fanchises, and when the diecto's lack of focus esulted in polems, they edited the hell out of it and ladelled on the scoe to distact. The campiness peaked in the film with a mino chaacte, D. Kafka - a geman scientist cliche weaing eyeline and lipgloss fo no appaent eason. The moment he appeaed, it confimed we wee in aysmal movie teitoy. We ae asked to feel chaactes lives ae in dange thoughout the film, despite Spideman usually fighting with an audience ehind aicades cheeing o jeeing. I don't know aout you, ut when heavy ocket, machine-gun fie, lightening-stokes o plutonium ae aound, I usually ty to avoid the aea, and the police geneally encouage that. Might need Chistophe Nolan to come in and do a gitty eoot afte all the cheese on display hee. It's sad ecause the leads have a lot of chemisty and chaisma, it's just wasted on this film and this diecto. Go see Captain Ameica o ent Chonicle instead - it's eveything this film isn't.averywetfrog	3	May,,5,2014	Thought it was medioce on my fist viewing. On my second viewing I was completely oed. The only eason to see this movie is if you must see evey Spide-Man film. The plot was poo, the side plots wee teile, the villains wee oing. If you don't like cgi heavy films you ae out of luck.  The elationship etween Pete and Gwen was not on pa with the fist movie.  Some scenes put a smile on my face ut they wee few and fa etween.Thee was one geat scene in the movie ut you ae ette off just waiting to ent it on dvd.  Please save you money and just ent it.Wilde84	10	May,,6,2014	The citics have this completely wong and ae completely out of touch with the fan ase. This an excellent comic ook movie. The jokes ae typical of Spideman comics and the stoy pogession woks well. (spoile) I had my concens efoe watching this film ecause I was woied aout how Electo was advetised as the lead villain howeve the Geen Golin has een done justice in this film and I was pleasantly supised.jackster5555	10	May,10,2014	As the title says AMAZING jus AMAZING!!! Stone and Gafield ae awsome and Dane DeHaan wow! I didn´t know he can act so good! foget what the citics say, this movie is eally good!Witty-Username	6	May,12,2014	The film stats out with an undewhelming flashack to Pete Pake's paents, which is followed y a faily teile fight scene on a plane, which is just a adly diected mess of a scene.Then the film flashes fowad an unspecified amount of time into the futue, and we have one of the highlights of the movie: a CGI scene of Spide-Man jumping off a uilding followed y a chase scene that jumps ack and foth etween Pete's high school gaduation and a police chase.I think if thee's one positive aout this movie it's the casting. Andew Gafield is spot-on as Spide-Man, and Emma Stone does a good jo as the love inteest.Howeve thee wee a few....miscasts: such as the completely fogettale Hay Osoune potayed y that guy fom Chonicle, and the wost offende, the Rhino, with a teile Russian accent and a teile costume this was easily the wost chaacte in the movie.Then we have the main antagonist of the film, Electo, potayed y Osca winning acto Jamie Foxx, Foxx manages to e one of the slightly moe inteesting elements of the movie, ut thanks to ad diecting and an ovestuffed cast, he doesn't get enough time to fully develop his chaacte.The atocious dialogue is easily one of the wost pats of this movie. Anyone who ememes the final line fom the last movie can poaly get an idea of the poo quality of the witing in this sequel.joelzabeast	10	May,13,2014	i don't get why so many people ae hating on this movie o saying its ok. I thought this movie was awesome with electo as an awesome villain y Jamie fox. I liked the new hay Oson as geen golin and also anothe fantastic jo y Andew Gafield aswell. thee is awesome action seens and the cgi affects ae geat. I would definetly ecommend this movie to anyone and spideman is asolutely the est. peiodgasolene	0	Aug,30,2014	This movie sucked. I actually laughed at the idiocy of most of it and fast fowaded the othe its. Tagic is an undestatement. Did 17 yea olds wite the scipt? Please say yes.Kaito	10	May,,2,2014	AMAZING, SPECTACULAR, EXCITING, ROMANTIC, FUNNY! This Movie is ALL you need in a Cincecomic! Is pue Spide-Man! Fo me: the est Spide-Man Movie, despite its small flaws (like evey cinecomic), and I loved it! Andew Gadielf, Emma Stone, Sally Field and Dane DeHaan wee geat! And the final is one of the most eautiful things I've eve seen in a cinecomic movie, eally eally moving. Geat Movie, geat Cinecomic, geat Spide-Man!victorhjkl	8	May,,3,2014	Andew Gafield is amazing as spide-man, I like a lot his pefomance; The special effects ae amazing, the soundtack is geat, and the action scenes couldn't e ette. The movie is not pefect, ut it is good at all, and it exceeded my  expectations...MohamedAyman	9	May,,2,2014	Com 'on people thee is too much unnecessay hate fo this movie. it's vey good thee is nothing wong with it (geat acting, amazing stoy, illiant diecting, had action,comedy and even a it of omance maye thee was a it of kissing than you'd have on an action movie ut it wasn't as ad as some say) and it's supisingly that most of that hate is coming fom fans like us. the stoy developed as it should have een, you don't get oed in the middle waiting fo an amazing evel o a fight you'e waiting to see  it all happens when you want it to. ut afte saying that it's not all action you can't have a movie full of just fighting without saying why o fo what they ae fighting (so the complains aout not as action as I thought is unfai). SO oveall the movie is vey geat and the chemisty is at it top with this amazing cast eveyone is geat in the movie, eveyone has done thei jo as they should. let's not foget that this is a diffeent way of telling the stoy it's not Toey Maguie's Spide-man anymoe.DeadMonkeeey	10	May,,4,2014	This movie is awesome! I love Andew Gafield as Pete Pake and Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy a lot! The stoy is well witten, nice stuctued and if you ead the comics you'll know what's going to happen (kinda). I like the love stoy etween Pete and Gwen even if it's complicated ^^ And now the villains: The acting of Jamie Foxx is phenomenal! Billiant! The acting of Dane DeHaan was good, ut if you watched the old tilogy you'll automatically have a wose opinion fom him, ecause tuly, James Fanco was ette. I'm giving the movie 10/10, ecause all in one- it's good!thebatreturns	10	May,,3,2014	ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss44444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss_This movie is **** awesome!!!!!!!RicochetPhoenix	10	May,,5,2014	Excellent pefomances fom Andew Gafield, Emma Stone, and Dane DeHaan;  with Sally Field and Jamie Foxx adding solid pefomances to what was an emotionally gipping film full of amazing action.  As a lifelong Spidey fan and avid comic eade, I was on the edge of my seat the whole time and left feeling oth completely satisfied with Amazing Spide-Man 2 and anxiously anticipating the futue of this fanchise.  Fo a tue comic ook fan, this is the est live action iteation of Spide-Man yet!FranMan	9	May,,2,2014	SPOILERS!My conclusion is that " Amazing Spide Man 2" was a vey good movie, Spidey 's est film to date, with excellent digital effects, geat pefomances , many suplots and it's tue .... maye not convince the villains ; since the pemise is " When enemies United ... " But that 's the only villain is Electo and looks the othe villains do not have enough shae, Elf appeas only the last 20 Mins and Rhino does not paint a peppe in the film, only appeas fo 4 Mins with Giant Root and ends with a Cliffhange (Which I hope the next egins with the confontation with which the film was left open ) . This film is to uy it, and not only that ... I WILL BUY THIS MOVIE WHEN AWAY! ( Of couse, in Vesion 1 Disco DVD ) PS: I was thilled when the movie ended , eveyone applauded the oom and sceamed " Woohhhoo " It was exciting fo me , I had not seen so many people applauding since I saw The Avenges in 2012imthenoob	0	Aug,,3,2014	The wods Sucks Majo Ass descies it pefectly. Fom the stupid su plot with Pete's paents (which has asolutely zeo elevance to the film), The even dume visions that Pete has of Gwen's Dad, The pathetic villains and thei laughale potayals (I hated the Rhino and found asolutely zeo use fo him in the film, Jamie Foxx was laughaly ad as Max/Electo, and I thought what they did to the Geen Golin was a huge injustice despite loving the acto who potays him). Oveall, Amazing Spide-Man 2 was a huge feaking dop off fom the fist film and I would stongly ecommend avoiding it at all costs.phatmamasboy	10	May,,5,2014	Beginning to ealise with evey passing day that the jo of a citic is one that has ecome ielevant and uninfomed. I honestly do not think that citics have any taste fo movies and this is especially een poven y this movie. this film is fantastic. The stoy is illiantly paced, uilds up to an explosive end and is incedily pefomed y the actos. once again this is a fail on ehalf of the citics. WATCH THIS FILM. its ette than any petentious half heated BS the citics would pefe giving a good ating to....Roudy	10	May,,4,2014	Exceptional movie. Eveything was geat - acting, effects etc. Only one downside - fil was a lil ushed and ovefilled with villains, othe than that it aws pefect.Xaiver1	0	May,11,2014	Amazingly Bad. Fo such a geat Mavel chaacte and how good the Spidey "eoot" stated out in ASM1 - This movie fails at almost evey tun.It wants to uild up the "Stacy/Pake" elationship, ut all we get ae an oveload of half a dozen o so  scenes that go nowhee. Emma Stone and Andew Gafield oth seems to  e despeately seaching to e anywhee else othe than this movie thei dialogue in these scenes seems foced and uncomfotale and only adds to the clunky pacing of the film.Jamie Foxx a talented Acto and Comedian appeas as Electo the moe o less cental villain of the film. Foxx is totally wasted hee as he is given almost nothing to say and even less to do ut act as a focal point fo Michael Bay-level Special Effects. Ditto fo Paul Giamatti.The motivations ehind why many of these villains ecome villains ae so oddly concocted that they ae eyond idiculous and in some cases missing altogethe, this is also tue fo many scenes in the movie itself even in an a tuly awkwad moment nea the end of the movie that seems intent to ceate a some and heatfelt moment, ut is moe so just a despeate gimmick. Thee ae scenes that go on and on and on well past thei expiation date and othes that seem inseted fom the movie that this one was supposed to e.  I ead somewhee that seveal diffeent wites woked on the scipt fo this movie– They all must have eally disliked each othe.I get it these ae all supposed to e comic ook chaactes, ut that is exactly what has made many of the movies in the Mavel Univese (i.e.,Avenges, Captain Ameica, etc.) so good; the filmmakes made an effot to ty and potay the chaactes as somewhat ealistic people. This movie is so ad that even the Mavel tademak ‘Easte Egg’ is otched as a hastily added aftethought.leandronardi	10	May,,2,2014	I can't undestand why citics don't like this movie, as the title says, the amazing spide man is amazing! tons of action, the stoy is vey good, the enemies! daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn fantastic!ReubenIsAGod	9	May,,2,2014	Loved the film.  the pasting was off,  the villains wee used and it was moe Romantic then action packed, ut hey, the film had illiant acting, a SPECTACULAR soundtack and moe MEMORABLE mavel villains compaed 2 most Disney films, im looking at u Ion Man 3, with eath taking moments and the most elievale omantic elationship eve pesented fom a supeheo film, Emma stone gives a stunning pefomance as Gwen Stacy and Gafield is Pete Pake/Spide-Man, he is the closets to Spidy live eve seen fom a live action film. The film is iddled in flaws, yet, the films Pos ae almost at pa with the faults. Oveall i eally, eally enjoyed the film, pos a it 2 much, and im Definitely going ack 2 see the film againHumza5	10	May,,2,2014	This movie is flawless and is supisingly eally good, when I saw the scoe on Metacitic, a 53? I was like all oh man. ut thei is one thing i leaned today, scew Metacitic's scoeDeakenBlack	10	May,,5,2014	This is in my opinion the est Spide-man o any comic ook movie to date. Citics and angy fanoys couldn't e moe fa off. I'm glad Mavel doesn't own the ights to this seies. Thei movie ae good, ut ae moe ased on action and an ojective o mission, and Spide-man is moe aout the life. Spide-man needs to e just as much aout Pete Pake as it does Spide-man and this movie nails it. I enjoyed the Sam Raimi movies, even pat thee, ut afte a ecent e-watch they do feel out dated y today's comic ook standads even though it's only een a few yeas since the last one. That Spide-man seems so much stiffe and mopey. Andew Gafield is loose, the compute effects (if you can even tell it's CG, some claim to e ale too, ut I don't elieve them) make Spide-man loose, and nimle like he's supposed to e. I enjoyed the villains a lot too. Electo felt in the vein of Michelle Pfiefe's Catwoman  to me, and even Hay was potayed geat.moviegangster	0	May,10,2014	Such a cap! Thee was one genuinely heat-felt moment towad the vey end of the film that got me, ut the est? Vey lah. The second Captain Ameica film was a thousand times ette than this film. The chemisty etween the two leads is meage, the ad guys don't inspie fea like those in the the Dak Knight seies - not even closeucmessiah	3	May,,2,2014	Sally Field I love you, ut the est of the movie is inging me down. I feel like if I had no exposue to complex feelings and emotions in my life, I would have enjoyed this film much ette. The polem with films like this is that they fail to ealize thei own shotcomings and act as if they don't exist, then completely ovecompensate fo thei feaed lack of identity y thowing in enough noise and wow facto that they hope you foget/cant see past the explosions that 80% of the chaactes in this film have the depth of a oken shot glass. Fo eal though, what happened to Unchained Jamie Foxx? Rathe hee we get to endue a humoless vesion of Bait Jamie Foxx. Yeah, who ememes that s***.Allyson	10	May,,2,2014	Just like the title, the movie is amazing! Despite some ceative lieties, the film shows fo the fist time on film the tue spiit of Spide-Man comics. Excellent, will watch again and again and again. Hates ae despeate! This is the final film of the spidey!Edork	0	May,27,2014	If you'e a had coe Spide Man fan and didn't like the Sam Raimi tilogy then y all means go fo it. But fo me, this movie was just teile fom eginning to end. No heat, no consistency, no conclusions, no point, no eal fun, no passion fom ANYBODY woking on this fom the sceenwites to the diecto! All it ends up amounting up to is a 2 and a half hou long taile fo the Siniste Six movie we all know is going to happen soon.Wost comic ook movie I've seen in yeas!best_pokemon	9	May,,3,2014	I feel like this was one of the geatest supe heo movies. It can't e compaed to The Dak Knight ut in its own way it tuly is amazing. I was disappointed the fist one(The Amazing Spide-Man) ut this one made up fo it. I found it easy to connect to the chaactes which made the stoy ette, especially nea the end. Even though eveyody else(citics) ated it ad I uge you to watch it fo youself without ias. P.S coolest special effects eve!Magavaa	4	May,,4,2014	Mac We is the wong choice fo Spideman. Plain and simple. He just cant ing out Spideman like Raimi did in Spideman 1 and 2. The Good: 1) We Slinging was awesome. 2) Hay Oson was easily the est pat of the movie. 3) PP and Gwen's elationship was vey elievale though I felt that they spent too much time on it. This is a Spideman movie not a love stoy. The Bad: 1) Too long fo the stoy they wee telling. 2) Villain was given a ack seat in favo of a love stoy. Also, villain's motivation is laughale. 3) Music was not emotional enough. I asolutely love Hans Zimme ut this was a miss-step. Othe than Hay's tansfomation, at no point did I feel that adenaline ush you get when something ig is aout to happen. 4) Teile pacing. Jumled scipt. Foced jokes. Spideman talks too much when in action etc.MovieBuff111	8	May,,4,2014	I eally though TASM 2 was good they ae eally setting up a univeses which gets me excited I can wait fo the next I think its gonna e geat. I thought they set up the chaactes pefectly as a fan of the comics ut I would say TASM 2 was moe aout setting up the tilogy which I eally liked and I undestand they change somethings up in the adaptions to the movies and that doesn't othe me. It wasn't filled with action ut the action that did happen was amazing.Didimockets	10	May,,9,2014	Much ette movie than spide man 3, yet accoding to the citics, spide man 3 was moe well ecieved. Makes no sense at all.The movie successfully captues the essence of what eing spide man is. Spidey is a light heated chaacte who lives in a dak wold, ut that doesn't make Spide Man dak. Definitely this movie does not deseve all this citicism.djnicey	3	May,,6,2014	This film could have een made 10 yeas ago and it still wouldn't have had a single fesh idea o concept. The fist Amazing Spideman was SO much ette.Thee was nothing amazing in this movie, it had just aout evey supeheo film cliche and tope, seen it all so many times efoe. Its not a ad film, just incedily unoiginal and uninteesting.Forrestgump1	7	Jul,31,2014	Yes folks it is indeed that time of the yea..again. Whee does the yea go?. We can all stat to smell the feshly popped popcon in movie theates, we ae stating to wea shots (well maye if you don't live in Michigan) ight now it is a cool 50 degees. I digess, I'm efeing to the opening of the summe movie going season, and this yea's olympian taking the helm is "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" and kicks off the summe in a spoting fashion.Sue it does not live up to "Ion Man 3" o "The Avenges". Howeve, in the ealm of the Spide-Man univese. Mac We has enough emotional connectivity to sudue an audience in a tance, With the stunning gowth of Spide-Man himself, Andew Gafield and on sceen gilfiend, Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone). Aside fom the oiginal "Spide-Man 2" diected y Sam Rami. This fun, and family fiendly adventue is most notaly the we slinge's est adventue yet. The tagline itself declaes "His iggest attle..egins" and to that I say, indeed it has. A few yeas have passed since we saw "Spide-Man" on sceen, and a lot of things have changed. Pete Pake is attling some inne demons. Dealing with the guilt of dating Gwen, afte he pomised he fathe (as Spide-Man) he would leave he out of it his life. Upon gaduating high school the two ae foced to make some tough decisions. Though that does not stop Max Dillon (Jamie Foxx) a pencil pushe, who eveyone ignoes, fom falling in a vault of electic shock eels and e zap to smitheeens. Causing him to ecome a foced to e eckoned with. "Don't you know...he's Electo". We also get intoduced to an ACTUAL Geen Golin, in the fom of Dane DeHaan, focing Pete Pake to econcile and undestand the consequences of his own actions, even if that means huting the people he loves most. At the same time finding the undiscoveed tuth aout his paents. I should poaly admit now, I was not a huge fan of the eoot "The Amazing Spide-Man" I just don't think I was eady fo a eoot yet, and I felt the oiginal "Spide-Man" accomplished moe with chaactes. Plus, with that eing said, you knew what was going to happen. Not to mention that the villain was ogus .. I mean The Lizad?! .. give me a eak. Needless to say, Mac We has fixed those issues, ut inclines new ones. It's vey clea that Andew Gafield has come into the ole of Pete Pake, and you can clealy feel that within the opening scenes, and it's just a teat to watch. The on-sceen omance etween Pake and Stacey was one of the est in ecent memoy. Sally Field also etuns as the wondeful Aunt May. In addition, Mac We takes things a it too fa. Thee wee so many chaactes to keep up with (I thought) and the alance was just not thee. I think Electo had fifteen minutes of actual sceentime and two attles. Ganted, those attles wee slick, cool and engaging. I just wanted a little it moe of that lue looking smuf guy. "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" was tying to make the audience feel empathy and to e sappy. The theme of the film is esounding thoughout, aout facing you feas and dealing with life (something I can appeciate). It's just had to take it seiously when the film ties to cate to a younge audience, instead of setting a tone thoughout the whole film. Films like "The Dak Knight Rises" o last month's "Captain Ameica: The Winte Soldie" which solidified it's tone and neve changed. "Spide-Man 2" distinctly goes ack and foth and at times get's confusing. Of couse, what is a good Spide-Man film without it's villains. The esuection of the Geen Golin is a sweet one. A ig thank you goes out to Dane DeHaan fo einventing this chaacte to goundeakingly new heights. A way that James Fanco o Willem Dafoe could neve deam off. Was Jamie Foxx the est choice to play Electo? Sue why not. Was I paticulaly moved y his pefomance? not entiely. The chaacte is fun ut, if speaking liteally, anyone can play it. The attle sequences themselves, wee impessive. I sceened the film in IMAX 3D and tust me what an expeience it was. My heat was poaly aout to eat out of my chest in the film's climactic attle.The visual effects have impoved vastly, since the last adventue. You can tell the cew had a much igge udget to cate with. Usually, the summe movie going season is a fun time. Studios elease thei ig tent poles and neve hold ack. The summe is aleady off to a geat stat. "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" is a last, and poaly the est adventue we have seen the masked cusade in. Mac We has some nice stylized sequences that will make any fanoy happy. Not to mention any casual movie-goe. I will poaly see this film again fo it's fun enegetic pace. The two and half hou un-time just flies y. I had some high expectations heading into this film. I mean if you'e going to kick of the summe, you ette do it ight. Once again, Mavel and thei eve expanding wold of chaactes, neve disappoint. "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" has ought new life into this fanchise, and I can't wait to see what the futue holds fo these chaactes. B By: Nate Adams Diected By: Mac WeRated: PG13Run-Time: 142 minsStudio: SonyRelease Date: May 2nd 2014 Thanks Fo Stopping Buy.Yerczeys	3	May,,5,2014	High points:  Good special effects, fun chaacte designs, geat Spide-man, decent humo.Low points:  Distacting music, contived situations, humoously ad dialogue with a distacting and stained love stoy, and a thick laye of cheese.NikolayG	8	May,18,2014	The good: Eveything aout Gwen's stoy and the chemisty etween Gwen and Pete Pake; the we slinging though the city, which is moe visceal and elievale y fa than in the Sam Raimi movies. The ad: Oveall the movie was too ooding and dak, and the stoy e Pete's fathe took too long to unfold. Also, they collapsed what should have een two movies into one. The Oson Geen Golin saga deseved a movie of its own. Oveall, though, to me this is the authentic Spide-Man film seies. I love that they eally ae playing up the Gwen Stacy stoy. If you could take Andew and Emma and the we-slinging fom these films and plug them into the Sam Raimi movies, you'd eally have something.harrylolman	8	May,10,2014	This movie supised me, I thought this was just going to e an adveage supeheo movie, ut the visual effects, the make you chuckle humou and the slightly suspencful plot line just makes it swing up to aove adveage. The movie ties to make you laugh (it almost did) and it ties to make you feel ad fo Pete (Almost thee...). Although some would e complaining aoout the amount of CGI (me), it was well made and does the jo well as a Spideman movie. IT'S ALMOST WORTH IT, THAT'S A MOVIE MANIAC'S DREAM, GO SEE IT...TehBrawler	5	May,,5,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is an ovehyped and ovely chaotic mess that ties too had to e too much. None of the villains ae elatale individuals, and even though the cast is stong and geat at acting the pats, the diecto and wite decisions make most of the chaactes land and shallow. The est pat of this movie is the inteactions etween Pete and Gwen, not ecause of the plot suounding them, ut ecause of the stength of Gafield and Stone as actos. The soundtack and editing ae distacting and confusing, and the movie leaves you with a sou taste in you mouth. On the othe hand, TASM2 offes geat action and choeogaphy that will have you on the edge of you seat. The alance etween the dexteity of the chaactes and the stength of the damage makes evey fight scene feel like it's staight out of a comic ook. As peviously mentioned, all actos in this movie give stong pefomances, as well, which makes it all the moe disappointing when they can't e elated to due to ad witing.TheApplegnome	6	Aug,17,2014	This second installment of the Spideman eoot is a it geate than it’s pedecesso, ut it suffes with the same deficiencies. Well the CGI is incedile, and the action is okay, ut not as geat as I would define as awesome. The soundtack is a it moe epic than it’s pedecesso, ut I miss a moe geate one. The negative aspects ae of couse the ad ending, the slow amount of action, the weid stoy and the ad acto Andew Gafield as Spideman. I'm actually supised that this movie isn’t that epic as I would want it to e, ecause it got two awesome wites: Alex Kutzman and Roeto Oci, who gave us Sta Tek (2009) and othe geat films. My conclusion of The Amazing Spideman 2 is that it’s geate than the fist movie, ut it still suffe with ad diecting and witing. The Amazing Spideman 2 get a 6.7/10sergiopepeu	10	May,15,2014	Sou fã do Homem-Aanha desde a infância. A tilogia anteio nunca me satisfez, pois colocava o Homem Aanha não como incalhão, mas como um tolo. Esse eoot da séie faz imensa justiça ao caeça de teia dos quadinhos. O pimeio filme já foi om, mas esse segundo é muito melho. Conseguiu taduzi plenamente a caga damática da vida do supe-heoi e a vedadeia face do Homem Aanha. É um filme feito e pensado paa quem tem o homem aanha das HQs na caeça. Além de tudo, nota dez paa o desempenho dos atoes que conseguiam na telona justifica todo o amo ente Pete Pake e Gwen Stacy, química nota dez.Reveiwer	8	May,12,2014	Look at those citics ashing this film. I do agee that this film does feel slightly ushed, ut this is a solid movie. This film has an awesome scoe and fantastic special effects.PolisKanin	9	May,,6,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is an enjoyale film fo fans of Spideman, o just someone who wants to see a funny o action movie. Thee is a geat lend of comedy and action, with a hint of omance. The Amazing Spideman 2 tells the stoy of Spideman and Max. Max is a noody, as he has no fiends and noody caes aout him. He woks at Oscop, which is also whee Pete Pake’s (Spideman’s) gilfiend woks. The CEO dies and Pete’s old fiend ecomes CEO of the usiness. He finds out he has a disease which can only e cued y Spideman’s lood. Pete woies that using his lood may kill him. At the same time Max is involved in an accident, and tuns into Elekto. Max doesn’t want to e ad, and is just misundestood due to his appeaance. The only negative was ands eing shoved down you thoat. Thee was a “supe cool” fight etween spideman, the police and Elekto, which was a geat memoale scene, ut eveything was taken way fom the scene ecause evey few seconds when the camea tuned ack to spideman, only pat of the sceen was him, half the sceen was the ackgound of a Disney stoe. Minutes late, the fight is shown on the news… via a TV with a Sony logo on it.   I wan anyone sensitive to flashing images to avoid this film, as towads the end of the film thee is a scene whee  the whole sceen flashes fo aout two minutes. Howeve, I ecommend this film to anyone else looking fo an action, comic o comedy film. I give the amazing Spideman 2 a 9/10.AaronWasserman2	9	May,,3,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is finally hee! and this movie kicks ass! DON'T LISTEN TO THE CRITICS. Go in and have an awesome time ecause this movie is a fun fun fun ide. Thee ae polems yes, ut no movie is without flaws and this movie HEAVILY out weighs the good with ad. hee ae my atings: 1. Cast: 9/10 - geat pefomances fom all except Paul Giamatti (IMO, howeve that may have had to do with the little sceen time.)2. Action: 9/10- audiences will love the final attle etween Electo and Golin3. Plot: 8/104. Scoe: 7/10- I love hans zimme ut unfotuantly he isnt as stong hee. a few hits fo sue.5. Effects: 10/106. Theate Expeience: 9/10I will not go in depth hee and uin the movie ut go see this movie and ignoe the citics!thewanderer9	4	May,,5,2014	Thee is a cetain level of laziness and half-assedness that pevades this entie film. the action scenes wee half-cooked, neve uilding to anything emotely satisfying. Thee's no palpale dange, no sense of the good guys eing ovewhelmed, not even slick visuals. The heat of the stoy is in the omance etween Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy (played y Andew Gafield and Emma Stone espectively). They have an ovious chemisty despite the hackneyed dialogue, ut the "will-they-won't-they" cad played thoughout the fist two hous o so of the film is played so often that it ecomes gating and a it of a slog. *SPOILER* Gwen Stacy's death and existence in this film petty much seves as the Uncle Ben impetus of the Spide-Man stoy which is latantly unde seved in this eoot of the seies. Pete Pake neve eally seemed to give a damn aout Uncle Ben -- neithe does this fanchise as a whole. It's quite a damn shame honestly. The oveall naative is fa moe disjointed than a movie of this udget should eve e with elatively unelated plot theads eing taped togethe with ule gum, spit, and a paye. Why shouldn't Spidey's lood e given to Hay Osoun? Oh, appaently Pete Pake has chosen one DNA thanks to his dad ceating the genetic spides that just happened to have itten Pete. Stange coincidences such as this aound in a slipshod attempt at coveing plot holes. Why is Oscop's asement full of evil science weapons? Oh, well in one line someone mentions them selling weapony oveseas... I guess? The movie makes the mistake of paving ove plot holes with cheap stucco. It's all told in thowaway moments instead of seen - a cadinal ule the "wites" of this paticula installment oke like it was unning out of style. Dane Dehaan makes fo an inteesting idea of a villain, if only thee had een moe development of him as a chaacte. Instead we'e given a couple of goofy scenes and the assumption that his chaacte, Hay Osoun, and Pete Pake ae est fiends ecause we'e told they ae. The cinge-wothy and at times laughale dialogue does Dehaan no favos howeve, leaving the young thespian in the unenviale position of needing to polish a tud evey time he delives a line of dialogue. Jamie Foxx as Electo is a visually inteesting chaacte, if not fo the ovious lifting of D. Manhattan fom Alan Mooe's The Watchmen. Sadly, the same cannot e said of the chaacte's... well, chaacte. Fom osessive, schizophenic enginee, Max Dillon to the enegy constuct of Electo, Foxx feels like a chaacte fom a cheesy Satuday moning catoon in a stoy that ties its hadest not to e catoony. The esult is a heteogenous mishmash of a chaacte who should e taken as unstale and inadvetently (only to ecome decidedly) dangeous and a completely diffeent oigin chaacte pulled fom Jey Lewis' The Nutty Pofesso. Thusly, his involvement, attle, and motivations come off as comedically awkwad athe than the seemingly eatic, eeily ceepy chaacte it seems the film is going fo. Also, a flat out WTF fo the izao music attempting to let us hea Electo's intenal thoughts to the gloious moden disco fad known as du-step (o eally, it's moe populaized vesion, "o-step" as the kids call it). It's a vaguely inteesting pemise that came off as staight up laughale in pactice. I'd love to speak moe of Pete Pake and his development as a chaacte, ut thee simply isn't much thee. Aside fom the effect of the completely impotent death of Gwen Stacy, Pake doesn't seem to lean much in a way that eveals moe aout him o makes him a ette peson. In fact, my iggest gipe with the fist TASM was its insistence that Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy wind up ack togethe at the end, despite Pete's pomise to Gwen's fathe. It makes Pete unlikale in the exteme thoughout this movie as he and Gwen continue to eak up and get ack togethe ove the couse, instead of the moe emotionally intense staying apat out of necessity. This would have effectively motivated Pete chasing afte Gwen when she mentions leaving fo London. Instead, we get Pete Pake eing a smug schmuck, and diectly leading to Gwen's death in a moment that should have stolen the movie, and instead was uttely undewhelming. Followed y the epetition of a izaely unelievale gaduation speech fom an "18" yea old gil - I know she's supposed to e intelligent, ut, PLEASE, this is supposed to e a high school valedictoian speech. Let's at least make it elievale -- and it that way it poaly would have een poignant instead of stilted and awkwad. The Amazing Spide-man 2 is a set up fo Sony's attempt at expanding the Spide-man univese. Aside fom ceating and setting up villains fo a "Siniste Six" film, thee was nothing notewothy that occued. Thee wee almost no chaactes, no dama, just a cute couple acting cute... until one of them dies.Ricardocartoon1	10	May,,6,2014	The est spide man movie eve make all spide man fan cy.Electo is awesome ut Hay oson is the main villian in the movie.The est geen gloin.Andew and Emma ae amazing.The soundtack is so poweful and the cedits music eautifuls.As a say the est Spide man movie.1233218	8	May,10,2014	I love this movie! It was petty epic in pats, and I think thee's not much wong aout it like the citics ae saying. One thing I didn't like aout it was how fast Electo came and went. He was suppose to e the  villain in this movie. I felt like he was unde used. That was poaly the only thing I didn't like aout it. The Amazing Spide-Man was vey damatic moe than anything, in my opinion which isn't a ad thing.JackdeNileth	8	May,11,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is a good movie that might not e as camped as Spideman 3, ut it still suffes fom the fact that thee ae two many enemies, even though one of them is aely in the movie (which I pesonally didn't mind as he seemed athe uninteesting). Electo has a good sceentime, ut the Geen Golin and the entie stoyline suounding him is ushed eyond elief. They eally should have stetched it into anothe movie.But apat fom that I eally liked it. The music is geat, the chemisty etween Pete and Gwen is asolutely pefect, they actually pick up the stoyline aout Pete's paents and so on.ToEndlessAbyss	5	Oct,12,2014	Medioce at est, pimaily ecause of stong expectations fo excellence. This could have een so much moe... Still, the music was good, action was solid enough - it just needed a stonge/moe convincing plot.DCEdmonds	7	Nov,13,2014	"The Amazing Spide-Man 2" 10 Scale Rating: 7.0 (Good) ... The Good: As expected, the effects wee top notch ... ut wee even aove and eyond expectations. Spidey's we-slinging and attle scenes wee among the est I have eve seen in a comic ook film. The a has cetainly een aised. While he was solid in the fist film, Gafield knocked it out of the pak in this one as Pete Pake/Spide-Man. Once he ecame the villainous Electo, Jamie Foxx was excellent. Dane DeHaan and Emma Stone asolutely stole the show though. Stone was chaming, witty, and the pefect Gwen Stacy. DeHaan was an amazing alance of victim and aggesso. His ack-and-foth fom dak to light and ack was well done. The Bad: At 2:30 it is too long ... and feels it. Thee is a stetch in the middle that feels especially long and I can't help ut feel that some of it could have een cut fom the film. While Spidey typically fights a lot of villains and has a lot going on in the comics, that aspect felt usy hee and at times a it hectic and ushed. Lastly, when Foxx was Max Dillon (pe-Electo change), he was sot of annoying and I couldn't wait fo his tansfomation.BlaKDemonaZ	5	Jan,,3,2015	Melho que o pimeio, entetanto ainda não foi dessa vez que vimos todo o potencial do pesonagem nos cinemas. Quem sae, um dia, na mão da Disney/Mavel, ai sim teíamos um filme BOM.ManofAction	6	May,,2,2014	This movie...is not as good as eveyone saying it is. The fights with Electo ae shot. In fact, the fight with Golin is even shote! Even though this movie goes deepe into the stoy on how the villains ae eing ceated, and all of the secets that hidden in the cacks. This movie has little to no action fight scenes with Spide-Man and his foes. The love stoy pat of the movie, etween Gwen and Pete, is actually eally nice, *SPOILERS* and it sota makes you sad when Gwen dies. Anothe thing I MUST complain aout is the amount of Tailes and Advetisement fo this film! I think I would have loved it a little moe if the amount of tailes wee cut down to thee to fou tailes. They showed to much in them. Anothe polem was that the stoy seemed like it was cut fom one scene to the next in evey 5 minutes. It seemed to fast paced fo a 2 hou long movie.  Andew Gafield's acting was a step down fom the fist, and Dane was EXCELLENT in this film. 6 - 10 fo me.alias_xays	10	May,,2,2014	It's eal cool film! 1st pat - sux, ut thz.....vey cool! I advise eveyone to watch this kino.Hodil with a gil, she thought that it would e spat.Otovat the movie was not possile!StriderKiwi	2	May,,2,2014	Hoily witten, ad dialogue that isn't funny, action is scace, no chaacte is fleshed out, lots of missed potential, diecting is weake than the fist Amazing Spideman movie, eally eveything is nothing close to as good as it was in the last movie. Only positives ae the actos ty to make thei ad lines wok and the special effects wee good ut neithe of those things can make a ad movie good.Rob7309	4	May,,2,2014	It pains me to say that this movie was just meh. Thee is way too much going on in this movie which lead to chaactes eing undedeveloped and feeling ovely long. This movie was way ove pomoted as well in that thee wee no exciting scenes that ween't in the tailes. Gafield and Stone wee eally good again, the visuals wee geat and I liked the new theme y Hans Zimme. Bette luck next time I guess.MovieCriticSD	5	May,,2,2014	If you ae a michael ay movie love and enjoyed sta was episode one fo eing the entetaining movies you foget aout in a couple of days then you will poaly like this film. If howeve you ae looking fo good consistent stoy telling along with good chaacte development this may not e the film fo you. Petty meh oveall. The fist 22 minutes of the film was done well and so was the last 5 minutes ut thee was too much going on in the film in the middle with too many suplots and not enough chaacte development fo you to tuly cae aout any of the chaactes except maye hay osoune played y dane dehaan.warrenworld	3	May,,3,2014	The events that took place in The Amazing Spide-Man 2 ae enough to make one question if it was eally woth eooting the Spide-Man seies two yeas ago.BrianMcCritic	5	May,,3,2014	What a disappointment this film is two diffeent films in one.  The good half stats with Andew Gafield as Pete Pake/Spideman, the est Spideman y fa.  It continues with Emma Stone as Gwen Stacey and the chemisty etween he and Pete is magic and the est pat of this film.  One last positive goes out to Sally Field as Aunt May, she had some eal emotional scenes with Pete. Now fo the negative's the villains in this film ae 90's Batman villains fom The Riddle I'm soy Electo to M. Feeze aka Rhino yes Rhino's that ad.  The Geen Golin maye the est villian, ut he suffes fom no eal chaacte development.  Oveall it's stange to say ut if I could have gotten two and a half hous of the love stoy with scenes of Spideman helping kids that maye a 9 o 10  ut with the pointless villains dagging it down it egetfully gets a 5.  Gafield and Stone deseved ette than this.  C+Pazzo7	4	May,,2,2014	I neve thought I would eve hate a Spide Man movie.Well,it happened..Geneally the movie is ovecowded with stuff.The will they-wont they elationship etween Gwen and Pete is annoying ecause it goes ack and foth.They ake up then make up and then ake up and make up again.Pete Pake's paents stoy is unnecessay.The villains ae dull as hell.The scenes geneally aent connected.It feels moe like a whole unch of scenes put togethe without cham and eauty.The action is not exciting at all othe than the fact that the Spide Man swinging scenes wee eally good and cool and made the chaacte moe dynamic.This movie was a huge let down.I felt so uncomfotale and instead of dagging me into the stoy it kept pushing me out of it and made me hate it,a lot cause Sam Raimi's tilogy made me love this supeheo and he ecame my favoite ut this is an unnecessay eooted saga that its not even close to Raimi's pictues.We and Sony ette make up fo this mess.RamonGuerrero	4	May,,2,2014	The fist instalment was petty solid, ut this film, ties so despeately to make us laugh with flat jokes, cy with unexpected deaths, and e on the edge of ou seats with lame action sequences; with laughale villains that just ty to e popula. But thee's still something aout The Amazing Spide-Man fanchise that can e epai fo the next one.Zohairy	3	May,,3,2014	Who would've thought; its even wose than the fist Amazing Spide-man movie. The only eason this movie was made is fo Sony to cash in on the fanchise while they've still got it.barrieo	5	May,,3,2014	The fist movie (TASM) was petty good ut this one  undoes all the good things that the fist did. The fist two hous ae daggy and the emainde picks up just efoe it ends. Thee's just too many chaactes in the middle of eveything, unlike The Avenges that managed that vey well TASM fails misealy. Skip it, wait fo the Blu -Ray,  DVD o Netflix eleases.PandaFromHell05	5	May,,2,2014	I just got home fom seeing this movie, and all I could say was, Spideman 3. It wasn't as ad as Spideman 3, ut it wasn't as good as the fist Amazing Spideman movie. The fist 5 minutes wee eally geat, and it got the film off to a good stat, and then the middle was just confusing, too much undedeveloped plot development, and then Electo shows up. Then, whee was the climax? Then we get two new villains andomly. Thee wasn't enough action. I'm totally into plot and eveything, and it's as impotant as anything, ut eal meaningful plot. I wasn't sue what to take fom this movie. I hope the next one coects a lot of this one's flaws. It did make the mistake that Spideman 3 had, which was too many villains. Stick to one. I will poaly e uying this on DVD, ut I pefe the fist one.potreo	0	May,,7,2014	Extemely long fo this type of movie, ovely damatic, scipt all ove the place.  Good FX though, eveything else is just a disaste, oing and not exciting at all. A extemely miscast Jaime Foxx tying (and failing) to e funny.WhySoSerious54	0	May,16,2014	A complete mess with little diection o sense. The chaactes seve almost no pupose to the oveall plot, the dialouge is hoile, and Electo is asically Jim Caey as the Riddle in Batman fove. Go ack and watch this I'm not kidding a complete and utte ipoff. Too much ack and foth dialogue with little to no point mixed in with seveal plot lines that in no way connect.Unworthy	5	May,,2,2014	This was painful to watch. Thee's a eally foced omance full of teenage angst and a Spideman lacking the moal sense of Sam Raimi's chaacte, just an onoxious kid who likes to swing aound and tease eveyone. I think they ovedid it tying to humanize eveyone, and it watches moe like a sappy soap opea than a comic ook movie. It kinda feels like Twilight in spandex, to e honest -- all juvenile and shiny and devoid of sustance. Did not like.Franky3121	3	May,,2,2014	This movie was awfully disappointing, the scenes wee placed adly,I went into the cinema psyched, ecause eveyone told me it was way ette than the fist AMazing Spide Man which i thought was teile. People have mixed opinions, Jaimie Fox didnt match the chaacte and was way too poweful than he shouldve een, Rhino is stupid, and Hay is feakin idiculous. Toy Mcquie ones ae ette and moe in depth. I'm Soy Andew Gafield, ut i want my money ack.Mazmorrero47	4	May,,2,2014	One of those films that wee oviously poduced ecause a goup of guys in suits odeed it and not ecause the filmmakes wanted to make it. Not that The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is a teile movie, it's just not a vey good one eithe. Sony made a teile mistake showing aound half of the film (I'm not exaggeating) in the pomotion mateial, ecause y the time you see it, the awe facto is petty much gone. Eveything is just a "een thee, done that" expeience. Andew Gafield and Emma Stone once moe show chaming chemisty, ut unfotunately fo them, they had to wok with incedily cony dialog. Jamie Foxx as Electo is the most unintentionally funny villain since Tophe Gace's Venom, and what did they do to Paul Giamatti? He's geat acto, ut his acting was cinge-wothy hee. Not to mention that his chaacte is uttely pointless and expendale. Dane DeHaan is the scene steale and did a fantastic jo, he should have had moe sceen-time instead of a gloified cameo as Geen Golin (I'm not spoiling anything hee since Sony aleady did that). This eoot has eveything it needs to e good, ut TASM2 was a step ackwads fom what was achieved in the fist film.MovieGuys	3	May,11,2014	The fist thing I thought when the cedits olled fo "The Aysmal Spideman 2" was, "I paid money to see this?"  This is the wost of the Spideman movies eve. It is one of the most non-sensical, not cohesive, incoheent, and confusing movies I have seen since I can ememe. The whole stoy was nothing ut cliché afte cliché afte cliché. I give cedit to the people involved in this tagedy fo piling on the most clichés possile in this movie. And the love stoy etween Pete and Gwen: ugh, I might as well have watched a ad soap opea. The villain in this one, Electo, played y the wondeful M. Jamie Foxx, is wasted in this movie and seems like moe of an aftethought. How Foxx accepted eing in this movie is eyond eason. And who wote the scipt? They should neve e allowed in Hollywood eve again. This is liteally some of the dialogue in the movie, and elieve me, thee ae no spoiles hee. "I can't let you do this. It's too dangeous." "Is that all you got?" "Wait, wait! I know my way out." "It's going to e okay" "I will destoy you, Spideman!" The only thing that I did like in the movie, which is peventing me fom giving it a 0, ae the slow motion scenes. They ae impessive fom a technical standpoint, if only they ween't followed y a scene with a (wait fo it) cliché!AkashVijay	0	Jan,22,2015	The Amazing Spideman 2 faces almost the same polems that it's pedecesso faced. The sceenplay is weak and the stoy line lacks stuctue and consistency. The ovelong stoy is clichéd, cowded with villains and contains some unnecessay suplots foced into it.It doesn't eally supass it's pedecesso and consideing the ecent achievements of the supeheo gene in ecent yeas, the Amazing Spideman 2 is a huge step ack. It's not moe than just a popcon flick. It disappointingly fails a whole lot moe than it succeeds.JBHiFive	5	May,,4,2014	woot thee is justice in the wold. Mostly eveyone hee sees this movie fo the soulless cash in that it is. Though 196 positive use scoes... I smell hackeyJamesCannon	6	May,,3,2014	Not as ad as Raimi's spide man 3, ut it lacks a cetain gavitas maye??  The scipt is light and aiy, ut I felt a lot of lines wee kind of cheesy one lines.  No dout Gaefield and Stone can act as well as Jamie Foxx.  But I hate to eat dead hose ut these multiple villian plot lines just dont wok fo a movie like spide man.  I imagine they ae just teasing with Rhino and he will e the next one, Why though do we need yet anothe Hay Osoune J. oigin stoy when it has een featued in the pevious installments.  A lot of it just felt stale and when the action wasnt ooming the movie comes to a sceeching halt.  Thee ae some ceative moments and the action is filmed extemely well though.Annoymous1	10	May,,9,2014	The CGI and SFX in this movie was well executed and gave a excellent taste of whats coming. The action and fight scenes wee the est and gave a sense of epicness. This movie was the est spide man y fa and one that I'll watch again and again.Klotz	6	May,15,2014	+ Nice action+ Good villaint- Childish humo- Annoying lovestoy- Inconsistent stoytelling- Logic gaps.........................................Sergio6	9	May,,4,2014	The est comic ook movie ( not supeheo ut comic) and the est spidey movie eve. this film feels like eading a comic and the est potait of pete pake and spide man on sceen. the action is top notch and while the plot may e too cowded with some ad editing the cast makes up fo it and delives an awesome and emotional movie.adamjones	5	Jul,30,2014	Ugh, yeah I get it.. It follows the comics moe stictly.. And yeah it's okaaay.  But look, this Spide-Man 2 is no compaison to the eal Spide-Man 2. I don't get all the love with these two latest vesions.  Mac We has asically ceated a Teen Nick Spide-Man.  I undestand if people don't like Toey Maguie's face o whateve the excuse is, ut this is just incompaale. 5/10 ecause of the consistency with the comic ook stoylineCompi24	6	May,,4,2014	Its leads, set pieces, and scoe may e incedily pomising, ut due to a handful of shaply flawed chaacte choices, an uneaaly clutteed naative, and some geneal lunacy intespesed thoughout, "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" neithe undeshoots no exceeds the film's acceptale pedecesso.kaizidokiller	5	May,,3,2014	I liked the pefomances of the cast. Andew Gafield is a geat Spide-Man with his smat-talks and comic moments and a moe human Pete Pake than the fist film (if ovely sentimental). Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy has even igge moments in this film than the pevious. Dane DeHaan almost steals the show as Hay Osone and Jamie Foxx is excellent (I don't know why people would think he's a miscast efoe). The CGI set-pieces wee fun to watch and I liked how Mac We ties to e moe damatically demanding, like Raimi's Spide-Man. I appeciate action movies with moe naative than action sequences o set-pieces (like this movie) ut with all that said though, I'm supised people actually like this movie. The citics ae ight aout this movie, the stoytelling is ad. It's unfocused and cams too many suplots, too many chaactes and too many villains. This is the polem with Spide-Man 3 (eveyone hated that movie) and it's a igge polem hee ut ecause it's not Raimi, We gets a fee pass as the loyalty of fanoys pevent them fom seeing and ageeing (owing down to mediocity fo the sake of fanoying the fanchise). Thee's moe Pete Pake than thee is Spide-Man, and that's okay ut thee's too many plot points. It jumps ack and foth etween his elationship with Gwen, his elationship with Hay and the oigins of his paents. I liked the chemisty etween Gafield and Stone ut the painfully cheesy dialogues makes thei elationship look like Twilight. Eveyone hated that movie also ut ecause it's Spide-Man, it to gets a fee pass. Supeheo's love inteest ae always suplots and they made his love inteest the main plot petty much, which is fine if it wasn't all cliche and Twilight. His elationship with Hay feels foced, ight fom the moment Hay mentioned Pete's aces and Pete mentioned him low-dying and coming his hai all the time o something like that. The oigin of his Pete's paents has nothing to do with the stoy at all, it doesn't move the plot along. Afte Pete finds the video of his dad, it seems like Pete fogets eveything aout his paents afte that, it ecomes ielevant in the film. They just esolved the oigins of his paents fo the sake of it, ecause his paents left him at the eginning of the fist film and we don't know why ut I couldn't cae less. How do you cam thee villains into one film without eing ovecowded? By aely featuing any of them in the film. Rhino only has fou minutes on-sceen time. Thee's no chaacte ac and it's completely pointless. If that's thei way of intoducing him fo the second sequel, they should've intoduced him in the second sequel. The Rhino that you see in the taile is all that you'll see fom him in the film. And the oy standing in font of him tying to e Spide-Man, what a **** emaassment. When you see Spide-Man swinging the manhole cove at Rhino, that's the eginning of the fight and the end of the movie. I wanted to see a fight sequence efoe ut the movie oed the **** out of me so I couldn't cae less. Thee's moe Hay Osone than Geen Golin and the Geen Golin was just a set-up to Gwen Stacy's death. It's a it contived ut emotional and heateaking oveall. Still, I can't help ut feel like Geen Golin is anothe wasted villain. Max Dillon is a chaacte I felt sympathy fo; he's lonely, socially awkwad and unde-appeciated. Max Dillon could've een a geat chaacte, had they not thow it away as soon as he ecomes Electo. If they want to make Max/Dillon an unsympathetic chaacte ut make him elatale in the eginning, they should do it slowly. Make him less and less unsympathetic as the movie moves along and with a unning time of 2 hous and 20 minutes, they could do that if they didn't ty and squeeze multiple stoy acs into a single film. Auptly shifting him into a villain (just when I stated to like the chaacte, poaly moe so than Pete Pake) is not how you develop chaacte. Thee ae a few comic moments in the film ut most of it falls flat and I don't undestand why Hay is dying of an illness (that is heeditay) at a young age when his dad suvived until his 60s. I suppose the filmmakes wee hoping that no one in the audience would notice the majo plot hole and couldn't come up with anothe way to set-up the whole chaacte. TASM2 ties to e diffeent fom all the supeheo movies y putting moe focus on the naative, which is fine ut it fails in that level. It just dags on-and-on with the stoy and I was hoping the set-pieces would make up fo it ut thee's not enough of it due to the lack of alance. The pefomances, set-pieces and diection saves this film fom eing a complete disaste ut as a Spide-Man fan, I was hugely disappointed and letdown y this film. This is wose than Spide-Man 3, at least it's not cheesy and I can toleate with "emo" Spide. This is painfully and disappointingly aveage!tyrell	3	May,,4,2014	I can't say I enjoyed this film. I had many issues with it. The pimay issue is poo stoy telling. The wites eally displayed the common issues with a lot of action films designed y comities. They have plot points to hit and the stoy in etween these points suffes, taking away fom them when they ae finally evealed. I can imagine that connecting them all can e difficult, ut that’s what sets good wites apat fom the othes. It is not had to see that Sony eally had thei hands in this movie (IE: soundtack, advetising, contactually oligated post cedit scene) so I would assume they had a lot of contol ove the stoy as well. The film especially dags duing the Pete Pake / Gwen Stacey scenes in which the chemisty and humo these two chaactes shaed in the last film is gone; to e eplaced y long and dawn out ovious dialog. The plot conveniences wee astonishingly dum (IE: Gwen is a scientist, theefoe she undestands how to ing up the ackup systems at a powe station on he own). The chaacte design fo the Geen Golin is something out of the Mastes of the Univese film in the 80’s; once again anothe wasted chaacte iteation fo the Geen Golin. One would think with 50+ yeas of chaacte histoy that Sony’s staff would e ale to pick out a costume design fitting of the chaacte…ut no. Also, Electo’s chaacte shaes many similaities to the teile adaptation of the Riddle in Batman Foeve. The issue is eally that the villains all feel like pawns, oing them of thei individuality and thei impotance in the Spide-man cannon. As fo the mysteious su plot involving Pete’s fathe and the shadowed puppet maste), it continues on and it is still flat and uninteesting. This film feels like a pelude to something ette o a means to a medioce end. On the positive side, I will say that the action scenes wee well done and that the special effects wee stunning. Howeve, if you ae looking fo a good comic ook adaptation ight now, go see Captain Ameica, o see it again.criti	3	May,,2,2014	I did not like the movie ecause it has many villains and little explanation fo these villains, that way the movie tuned into a sea of ​​things without explanation, in my opinion the movie should have had at least one o two villains to have a good time movie and sufficient time fo the villains, ecause this film does not have a cool time villains, ums appea vey little, and othes appea to have een good this film it had to e at least 6 hous of film to have a good time and villains explain the whole stoy of villains and plot.hollyv	6	May,,3,2014	Evey Spideman movie contains one supe villain too many. But the delightful chemisty etween Andew Gafield and Emma Stone makes this othewise kind of aimless stoy an okay watch.emirbud	0	Aug,,3,2014	Anothe disaste in the wold of supeheo movies.Teile, awful, extemely ad. Do not elieve any of the 656 positive eviews. People who wote those ae eithe vey dum o they wok fo Sony o whoeve else pofits fom this piece of excement. I love Sony, ut I used to love them a whole lot moe efoe I saw this. If it's not too late, like it is fo me, do not watch. Not in the cinema, not at home, not anywhee, not eve. Howeve you look at life, it is fa too pecious to waste two hous of it on this film. Fo specifics, ead the othe ed eviews. Thee's plenty thee.Mattyice	4	May,,3,2014	The Amazing Spide-man 2, while not a geat movie, manages to e ette than, in my opinion, its oing pedecesso. Gafield, Stone, and DeHann ae geat in this film and Gafield feels moe like Spide-man fom the comics (funny and cool). Howeve, I wasn't pleased y Foxx's and Giamatti's (ief) pefomance. As good as DeHann's acting was, all thee villains felt land and wateed down, especially Electo, who in the fist half of the film got me hyped to see him. In addition, the stoy was tedious and oing. Captain Ameica: The Winte Soldie pefected the plot and dialogue ased supeheo stoy, ut The Amazing Spide-man 2 ties and fails to do the same.himynameisart	6	May,,2,2014	People keep saying these movies follow the comic ooks moe you sue?!?!Isn't Noman Oson the Geen Golin not hay?, I Don't Recall The Oson's having a heeditay disease that kills them?!? The hino isn't a guy in a feaking oot! he has no use fo missile and guns! what the hell?! Max Dillon neve tuned into Electo due to electic eels?! SO MANY ERRORS, SO MANY INCONSISTENCIES! Did i have fun with this movie yeah moe o less, i enjoyed it, i did, ut does that make it a GREAT film no, its not. not emotely close to geat fo example Captain Ameica 2 was geat it was AMAZING, this new spide-man flick was not! I'm not hating o tying to standout, ut as a spide-man fan fom the ealy 90's this is just my honest opinion. I thought i would hate Hay Oson's chaacte ut to my supise i liked him! I'll go as fa as saying that Hay Osone was my favoite chaacte in the movie, he wasn't pefect ut i enjoyed the chaacte (the geen golin on the othe hand felt like venom I'm just glad they didn't kill him off and hopefully they can impove him). Electo was also enjoyale (i can't say anything ad eally). The action scenes wee OK, sometimes just too much CGI, a thing i liked aout the oiginal tilogy is that they actually used pactical sets and not eveything was ehind a geen sceen. I also liked the new suit ette it looks classic, the one fom the 1st Amazing Spide-man was teile it looked like a yoga Mat. The omance su plot etween pete and Gwen was OK sometimes it was too much (we wanna see Spide-man moe!), ut yeah. I will say that i was supised Gwen died, i neve saw that coming, (yes i know she dies in the comics) ut i neve thought they'd pull the tigge on sceen. The movie also felt too foced with the comedy tying too had to e funny, maye I'm just a had peson to make laugh ut i laughed like twice and in some of those times i think i wasn't supposed to laugh. Anothe thing that was stupid was pomoting hino in the tailes and postes when he was given 2 minutes of sceen time that is false advetising! Such a disappointment. OVERALL this movie is just a cheesy, action popcon flick with some funny moments, i enjoyed it f what it was although the plot was messy, the pace was all ove the place and compaed to many geat supeheo sequels, (The Dak Knight, Spide-man 2, X2, Captain Ameica The Winte Soldie) This movie just doesn't hold up against them, I'm also not sue if this movie was ette than the 1st, maye they'e aout the same. I will say that the Oiginal 2 wee ette, soy ut they wee. The Fact that Andew Gafield makes a moe handsome spidey is a stupid ass excuse. My gade is a 6.5 to a 7. Enjoyale just won't e too memoale esides Gwen death, Really Looking fowad to 3, i feel like that movie will e the GREAT ONE! (on a side note the soundtack was good too).Elite_Flibble	10	May,,6,2014	The oles of Spide-Man and Gwen Stacy ae fantastically played y Andew Gafield and Emma Stone ing enthusiasm and chaisma to the chaacte. Not to mention the chemisty they shae ut, they depict the tagic stoy that We has magnificently witten. Duing the stoy, a lage vaiety of spectacula special effects is shown in awesome slow motion and feeze time animation.Defiantly my favouite film and well woth a watch. To get the most of the films potential, I ecommend viewing the film in IMAX 3-D. The special effects eally come to life!jiunguyenphuc	10	May,,7,2014	While i watch the taile i eally waiting fo this movie, when this movie came out, i eally love this movie, the stoy is so fantastic, although the action ae less ut awesome...I don't cae aout anothe eview ate not good ut with a Mavel fan, it's a movie fo youHealingToolbox	10	May,10,2014	Shot vesion:  AS 2 is MOST FUN of the five Spideman movies so fa.  It’s also the most tagic.  This is poetic plotting and scipting and lyical execution, a wold-class effot.Close oseves of mainsteam movie eviews veses poetic and spiitual quality will know some movies often so exceed the poetic imagination of copoate eviewes that amazing movies fequently get low scoes.  Amazing Spideman 2 is only the latest tashing of oust and lyical plotting and imagey. The classic example of poo eview scoes fo amazing and uplifting movies is Cameon's Titanic.  Please ecall how the majoity of Steven Spieleg's movies got poo, middling o vey divided eviews including Schindle's list and E.T. This patten is most ponounced as egads "spiitual movies."  If I ecall coectly, only Field of Deams escaped the geneally tashing most uplifting movies eceive.  This happened most ecently with oth Olivion (teile and misleading title) and Cloud Atlas (teile and misleading title).  Let's also champion Michael Bay's Island (teile, misleading title) also. In my ook AS 2 ates as a ae movie that ises to the impact on me of the est of the summe lockustes of the 1980s, like Total Recall.  AS 2 is a ette movie than Total Recall, eithe vesion.keyhole	2	May,,2,2014	one of the wost movies I have eve seen in my lifein last 11 months I have seen 138 movies that I have neve seen and aout 20+ aleady seen so yeah I think I know what I'm talking aout1 pat wasn't ad I knew in 1 pat will e a lot of dialogues etc. ecause they have to show again whole Pete Pake stoy ut when I seen tailes of the second pat I thought whole movie will e full of action like Man of Steel ecause in tailes they showed 3 villians of Spide-Man ut the tuth isin movie thee ae 2 fights with Electo and 2 with Rhino and 1 fight with Golinfights wasn't longe maye than 3 minutes so whole movie was packed in oing dialoguesand I don't know fo who that movie eally was. Maye fo 8 yeas old gil o ok maye fo 11 yeas old gilthee was a lot of omantic oing sh*t nothing fo Man! I eally enjoyed Electo chaacte Jamie Foxx did fantastic wok and effects of movie was cool like some camea **** etc. ut I had poke face while watching fights afte 1 hou watching ecause I had  aleady enough this movie and I was oed as fu*kI count 6 times when I wanted to get out fom the cinema ut I was with family so I don't had eally choice I could say :P NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE soy. I wasted only fee day and money :/Patrick94	0	Oct,,8,2014	One of the wost supeheo films of all time. Maye 25% of the movie is dedicated to any inteaction etween Spidey and the villains in the film. The est of the movie is just one huge dama fest that comes acoss as a gloified episode of Days of ou lives.  I'm not going anywhee nea Amazing Spide-man 3 if Mac We is diecting it. He has no clue how to diect a supeheo film.homerbaldman	3	May,,2,2014	People, people, you have eyes ut cannot see. You have tongues ut have no taste. Thee is such a qualitative diffeence etween the fist two Spide-Mans & the fist two Amazing Spide-Mans that Daedevil could see. Fo one thing I wasn't quite sue afte the fist one ut I'm positive now: I don't cae much fo Andew Gafield as the weslinge. He's a geat acto when he's getting scewed out of illions ut give me Toey any day. My spidey-sense did tingle a it when I saw they wee tuning the Rhino into a oot. I was pissed. All these yeas I've seen the Rhino in his supe-tough hino skin and I was eally cuious how they wee going to pull that off. Easy, with a gaudy, mechanical suit that shoots ullets, yes ullets. Finally, we get to see a ad guy fiing ullets at the heo. That's using you imagination.Vejita	6	May,,3,2014	Had a nice taile...Buuut...Too much cying in the movie. Emma Stone is nice...uuut not as Gwen Stacy. I love the action scenes, with Electo, they wee tuly "Amazing". In addition, I would like to see moe of Geen Golin / Hay Oson in the movie, he looked extemely nice as a villain. Special effects ae getting ette evey day, ut in this movie, they ae mixed with oing and damatic scenes. I went to the cinema, to watch a supeheo movie, and one-half of it was tuly that way. Theefoe, the scoe is 6 out of 10, +1 point is fo the fact that I love Spide-man fanchise. In addition, I would say: go and watch this movie, if you like Spidey, ut e eady to see all of the cying stuff. P.S.: Even my gilfiend said, it was too oing fo he, and I had to convince he to stay and see the end of this movie. Buy the way, we oth liked, how it ended =)TheQuietGamer	9	May,,9,2014	Spide-Man is ack in what may e the iggest supeheo movie eve as fa as content goes. Diecto Mac We packs a plethoa of plot-lines into the movie, yet thankfully manages to keep eveything staight. Fom Pake's pesonal elationship tumoils, to supe villain attles, evelations into the past of Pete's paents, and even setting up events and chaactes fo futue movies, thee's a lot going on hee. Thee ae times when it seems like maye We would have een ette off leaving some of these plot lines ehind in ode to full flesh out some othes, ut oveall I think it tuned out excellent in the end. Spide-Man fans ae in fo a eal teat, and the futue of this seies looks ight. It's not the est Spide-Man movie, ut it's still one fantastic one. Admittedly the shea amount of content and plot theads shoved into this movie ae going to e off-putting to some, ut I fo one was most assuedly entetained. That's why I highly ecommend the movie, and why my total scoe fo the movie is a 9.5/10=Amazing.grandpajoe6191	4	Aug,27,2015	"The Amazing Spide-Man 2" fails fom what its pedecesso had succeeded in; a utt-load of new chaactes, a ovely complicated plot, and some pathetic moments thanks to a pitiful scipt eally lets down a movie that could have een ette.LJHayes	7	Sep,18,2014	This is a geat supe heo movie. I love Andew Gafield as Pete Pake, he is geat at it and the development of his chaacte is fantastic. The stoy was good if a little loated, the action sequences wee awesome and the soundtack is outstanding. Thee's a good alance etween dama, action and humou that fits the chaacte of Spide Man pefectly. Jamie Foxx does a geat jo of Electo, I love what they did with that chaacte in this film. Dane DeHaan puts in a vey convincing pefomance of a scaed, angy young guy slowly ecoming moe and moe unhinged thoughout the couse of the film. His pefomance is almost hypnotic. As fo the final villain, Rhino, thee's nothing to say ecause he's aely in it. Don't let the tailes and postes fool you, Rhino has nothing to do with 99% of this film. He was thown in thee fo the one and only pupose of pomotion so if you saw any of the thee hunded tailes that wee eleased fo this film then you have seen evey scene he is involved in.Othe than that shameless piece of sly maketing this film is geat. Can't wait fo the futue films of the fanchise.dharma	7	May,24,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is one of those films that almost fall ove its own weight. Its a case whee the Studio wee so anxious that it almost deails the whole film. Thee villains..so many plot points to delive to lead into the 'igge' Spide-Man 'univese', and asically stoylines fo essentially two films wee cammed into one single film. It could have een a disaste if only fo one thing...Andew Gafield is a geat Spide-Man / Pete Pake.  This is the chaacte envisioned in the comic ook, moe faithful that Toey Macguie's intepetation. As Spide-Man, he is sacastic, talkative and funny. As Pete Pake, he is filled with angst at his constant pesonal polems. Those little emotional moments, e it with Aunt May and Gwen Stacy, o with his othe New Yokes, ig and small, ae the highlights of this flick, and its saving gace.GreatMartin	3	May,,2,2014	Batman is a man and Supeman is a man ut as potayed y Andew Gafield in "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" he is moe of a oy who could e gaduationg fom fom high school instead of collage. Emma Stone, younge than Gafield in eal life, looks and acts moe matue and is cetainly pettie than Gafield!Thee ae a few villains in "The Amazing Spide-Man 2", one o two too many, just as thee ae too much of eveything fom we flying to electic chages via Jamie Foxx as Electo to a high police ca count of cashes and shootings..As any supe heo movie these days special effects ae ove done as is glass eaking and the unning time.Just cutting ack all the hugs Dane DeHaan gives Gafield would shoten the movie.Also we ae all of a sudden in the wold of Tansfomes with Paul Giamatti as a mechanical hino!This is not one of the ette supe heo movies and at 2 hous and 22 minutes is way too longcatcarlo	6	May,,6,2014	Mente sullo sfondo già si pofilano gli episodi te e quatto, la seconda puntata della nuova seie dedicata all’Uomo Ragno si mantiene sulle coodinate del capitolo che aveva dato inizio di nuovo alla stoia affozandone (toppo?) le caatteistiche pe un isultato con qualche chiaoscuo che saee stato meglio evitae: l’intattenimento è assicuato, ma la qualità complessiva è lontana dai miglioi Spide-man. I pesonaggi estano degli adolescenti – pe la pecisione dei diciottenni, così che pe intepetae Pete, Gwen e uno dei ‘cattivi’, Hay/il Golin, gli attoi sono costetti a togliesi almeno una decina d’anni - mente la sceneggiatua (fimata a sei mani da Alex Kutzman, Roeto Oci e Jeff Pinke) si soffema a lungo sugli aspetti psicologici, specie quelli del potagonista pincipale, faticando peò ad amalgamali con una pate d’azione che finisce quasi in secondo piano. L’attenzione è concentata sopattutto sul appoto ta Pete e Gwen, ovveo sui tomenti di lui che si itova costetto a scegliee ta la missione di supeeoe e l’amoe: il tempo pe fae tutto non c’è – il tema del tempo iemege spesso, patendo dal discoso della agazza alla ceimonia del diploma pe culminae nei meccanismi dell’oologio in cui si svolge una delle scene chiave – e il giovanotto si stugge nello stailie dove pendee pima. Una decisione complicata anche dal moltiplicasi di sottotame che danno qua e là l’impessione di non essee sfuttate appieno: mente l’appaentemente itovato appoto con l’amico Hay non pesta il fianco a citiche di sota, le iceche sulla scompasa dei genitoi valoizzano poco la ella idea della Roosvelt Station e la ‘nascita’ di Electo, olte a pesentae poco di nuovo, è minata, nel posieguo dalla caicatuale figua del dotto Kafka. Il che pota ditti alla constatazione che i momenti miglioi siano quelli che naano l’amoe ta i due giovani e la cominazione che ne deiva fatta da pofonda attazione, dovei moali e voglia d’indipendenza. Insomma, dopo il pologo avventuoso la iflessione pevale sull’azione pe un centinaio di minuti uoni, ma questo non vuol die che ci si annoi peché la stoia è en costuita, con il contappunto dalle infinite chiacchiee nonchè attute del potagonista, così che il tempo passa senza che lo spettatoe se ne accoga: è anzi la esa dei conti, casomai, a pedee qualche colpo fose anche peché è in vesione depuata pe evitae di incappae nelle maglie della censua. Ridotti sono pue i voli ta i gattacieli, anche se la skyline di New Yok consente comunque di costuie inquadatue che sfuttano appieno il gande schemo (la fotogafia è di Dan Mindel): altenando gli spazi a un efficace lavoo sui pimi piani: nel complesso, la egia di We non inventa nulla, ma isulta pealto funzionale a quello che deve accontae. Coeente alle scelte stilistiche è anche la colonna sonoa meno ooante del solito di Hans Zimme che, nelle pati in cui non impevesa il pieno d’ochesta, si avvale della collaoazione di Johnny Ma e Phaell Williams. Infine, gli intepeti seguono il destino dei loo pesonaggi: se Gafield e Stone confemano la sintonia e la avua già notate nella pima puntata mente Sally Field è di nuovo una zia May di notevole misua malgado il poco tempo a disposizione, nei panni degli avvesai dell’eoe Dane DeHaan ha qualche spazio in più come Hay pima di diventae il Golin ma, pe il esto, si nota di più la divetita compasata di Paul Giamatti nei panni di un ciminale usso di quanto non faccia Jamie Foxx che, nei panni Electo, è decisamente specato a pate un paio di scene quando è ancoa Max Dillon.NikoZguri1997	7	Jun,,6,2014	so i sat down and watched "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" and honestly: it was petty decent, i eally enjoyed it . y all means, it's not a pefect sequel ut i still eally liked it and it's a petty good stat of the summe movie season. in this one, Pete Pake gets to deal with Electo and a unch of othe villains to save New Yok again. and i gotta say, it was petty damn awesome! Mac We eally knows how to make action wok, and i solute him fo that. the action in this movie's top notch and the fight scenes ae ad ass with jaw-dopping special effects that make you wanna go "Awesome!". and once again, Andew Gafield's awesome as Spidey. ut does this movie have its polems? yea, it does. like the fist movie, (in the eoot fanchise) The Amazing Spide Man 2 doesn't have a good naative. it feels eally cowded and unfocused, like some of the chaactes don't get enough sceen time. and this movie has the same polem that "Spide Man 3" had: it has way too many chaactes. now, usually that's petty awesome, ut hee Mac We fails at handling them ight, cause they'e not developed that much. also, thee ae a few scenes in the taile that aen't in the movie, and that kind iitated me a little. ut, despite its flaws and let downs, i can't deny that i had a geat time watching The Amazing Spide Man 2. it was awesome, it was kick ass, it was well-acted and the effects ae mind lowing! so let's see how the next chapte's gonna e like.NightReviews	5	May,,5,2014	If the new Spide-Man could epesent one thing, it would e hope; hope that Sony can delive as Disney and Paamount Pictues have with its Mavel mammoth The Avenges cannon; hope that thei eoot is a successful and advancing platfom towads a vey lage and lucatively siniste fanchise futue; and hope that will estoe faith in the amazingness in its highly popula comic ook wall-cawling chaacte afte a tilogy not too long ago. Spide-Man is undoutedly a symol of hope; a eacon of goodness; an ideal fo moality. Gowing up, Spide-Man was and continues to e one of my favouite comic ook chaactes. Riding on emotion and sentiment, the we head is a fictional comic ook chaacte witten as impefectly as you and me. Making his fifth enty on the ig sceen in just twelve yeas in Mac We’s second installment of the Amazing Spide-Man seies, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is less amazing and moe outine. At times, the film shines as a gemstone indie love stoy simila to We’s Sundance eakout hit 500 Days of Summe, then, just seconds late, ecomes a highly explosive and catoonish PG suitale Tansfomes imitation. The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is as confused a film as its lead human chaacte Pete Pake, taking too many lieties with his stoy yet tying to stay tue to the comic ook chaacte Stan Lee and Steve Ditko ceated ove fifty yeas ago. Thankfully, acto Andew Gafield suits up again and holds the emotional scenes of the film togethe as the wise-cacking identity confused teenage, nailing evey sutle and old Pete Pake nuance while facing off against many ostacles and thee vey pissed off villains in what has een maketed as ‘his geatest attle yet’. With the exception of Sam Raimi’s Spide-Man 3, the last of Raimi’s tilogy with the chaacte and a total tain weck, the films seem to e making a slow ut steady decline in naative, quality filmmaking and heat–and the same could e said with The Amazing Spide-Man 2. Reooting the seies in 2012 fo the sole pupose of making geat use of movie theates cuent osession of 3D and applying it to Spidey’s fist peson metopolitan we-swinging, the point-of-view filming appoach makes up fo mee minutes of the film, usually focusing on the tomented pesonality of Pete Pake and the difficult choices he needs to make, as oth a man and a heo, which was aleady visited in the fist tilogy. Not that we ae expecting a film to e made in the same way as the disastous POV om Doom, ut if the studio did decide to evisit a highly successful seies only yeas afte the fist one was complete, at least make it woth while fo the audience to dop the $20 fo admission. In the fist Amazing Spide-Man film, We’s naative felt like a familia stoy of Pete Pake with a new villain. Thankfully, the seies was ale to pick up massive talent with a diecto who flouishes in his aility to flesh out the fine chemisty etween his actos as seen with 500 Days of Summe and is ale to ceate highly emotional, gut-wenching onds etween loves, fiends, allies and enemies. With the talented M.We ehind the lens, the Amazing fanchise ought Pete Pake moe vividly to life with the passionate and caing Andew Gafield, who poved on many occasions how humled and dedicated he was highlighting a side of Pete Pake in a way that Toey Maguie neve could. His inteactions with his aunt and love inteests Gwen ae the est scenes in the film, hands down. Kudos to Ms. Emma Stone, who ings Pete Pake’s fist love Gwen Stacy to life with pizzazz and spunk fo a second time and finally ids heself of all the Emma Stone nuances that made he pefomance distacting in the fist film. Picking up exactly whee the last film left off in tems of secets and mysteies, the film opens up to a flashack of Pete Pake’s paent’s disappeaance. Richad and May Pake (Campell Scott and Emeth Davidtz) leave New Yok and thei son ehind afte doule-cossing Oscop. Flash fowad nealy two decades and thei son is saving the ig apple in his lue and ed spandex suit, one fallen fuit at a time. One of the most inteesting mythos ehind Spide-Man is his ond with humanity and his intenal stuggle. Spide-Man is cocky and comical thoughout the film, usually minimizing the seveity of the action and violence going on aound him. Meanwhile, Pete Pake is a highly emotional and tagic chaacte whose cuse lays in his inaility to distance himself fom the people he loves the most. Spide-Man naatives have always een aout making choices, choosing paths and leaning fom one’s mistakes. Almost all the comic ook chaactes getting the ig sceen teatment have een adapting what I like to call The Dak Knight fomula; a fomula that allows its chaactes to somewhat e ooted in eality, adding a dizzle of gittiness.sanyrub	9	May,,7,2014	The est comic ook film since The Dak Knight tilogy ings us an unfogettale expeience which can only e descied as a olle coaste. Fistly, what I think it´s the most impotant thing is that the film has a HEART, which is vey ae to see in most Mavel movies (thanks Sony and thanks Spide-man). The emotional content is stong and ends giving us a climax that is one of the most impacting scenes in comic ook films histoy, it is tuly memoale in fact. The cast has to e the est in a comic ook film eve, with Andew Gafield showing he is the est fo this ole once moe, Emma Stone stealing the show as a vey stong female chaacte (Gwen Stacy), Dane Dehaan (poaly the est young acto along with Andew in Hollywood ight now) and Shally Field. The chemisty etween them is cazy. Then thee´s the stunning visuals, the film is so ight and coloful. One of the show stopping moments comes thanks to Electo in Times Squae, idiculously fun. I found the scoe to e geat too (something Mavel movies usually lack). Hans Zimme is a genius, so no supise thee. In addition to all of this film gives as some closue when it comes to Pete Pake´s paents in a vey tense opening scene and late on too. The polem some people seem to have is that thee ae many things going on, and I undestand that agument, ut at the same time it did not othe me at all. The film could have een longe and I´d have een fine with it. All in all, amazing lockuste, go see it guys. I am glad it is eing the most successful film of the yea so fa woldwide.SpiderPlayer	6	May,17,2015	Good film, stunning special effects, the elationship etween Gwen Stacy and Pete Pake is geat, ut the film has some scipt failues, and does not show many esponsiilities and consequences of Spide Man, and the villains ae also not vey inteesting.lebk2440	7	May,27,2014	Vey good spide-man movie again. Special FX ae well done and the stoy is again vey entetaining.The only weak spot I would find is the uild up of the Golin: A it to fast to my liking. To see immediately.DrakeBristow	8	May,28,2014	Not quite sue why this eceived a low eview fom the citics, ut with Jamie Foxx's potayal of Electo I eally thoughly enjoyed this movie, it was a nice lend of action and stoy... Its to me much ette than the fist... I think maye the issue is that so many villains wee featued in one film that maye some chaactes felt undedeveloped. But it doesn't take away too much fom the stoy. Go see this movie!makumos	2	May,29,2014	Just hoile, evey single thing of this movie makes no sense, thee's too many things happening, too many su-plots, thee's no motivation fo the villains. Just hoile, save you time and go watch the Raimi's films.kurtmor	5	Jun,,3,2014	I thought this movie was vey good ut also vey stupid. The villains woked OK ut the development was hoile and thee wee some idiculous moments that you eally have to ea with especially at the end. (does spide man NOT  know CPR?) I found it difficult to detemine weathe I eally liked this movie o didn't like it. Thee ae definitely places they could have done a much ette jo such as developing the villains which I mentioned ealie.Tomle1202	5	May,25,2016	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 fills itself with awesome action, humo and fogettale villains that ae way moe land than the inconsistent titula heo himself.falconfilms	9	Jun,15,2014	This movie is amazing. Spine chillingly ceepy and statling, it is a pime example of the technology we have access to nowadays. The chaactes ae well constucted and the plot is study, yet it still supises you now and again. I mean, who could pedict that Gwen would… die?!?! The visuals ae incedile, and the comination of electic music and lightning when Electo makes his fist appeaance is incedile, plus the ceepy mumuing and whispeing that seems to e Max's (Electo's) conscience. Pete also seemed quite eal, dealing with eal life polems, and not just villains. I would ecommend this to anyone who is eady to e amazed.ArkhamCrusader	10	Jun,20,2014	This movie has eveything to e, actually, the est Spide-Man movie yet.Unfotunately, it isn't.Well, I eally enjoyed the fist Amazing Spide-Man movie, so I thought that this sequel would e ette, ut I was wong.This movie is eally enjoyale, so, all these people who have childen will enjoy it with them, ut this movie has a lot of polems.Fist, the scipt, which was made y 4 wites, so the movie is a complete disaste,in some pats, the movie ecomes oing.The film is saved y Pete-Gwen elationship, and a huge Hay Oson, who is spectacula as the Geen Golin despite that he just appeas 10 minutes, ut I'm not convinced with his design, vey attached to Heath Ledge's Joke.The wost of the film, plus its scipt, witch coves many stoies, is Electo, despite his wondeful special effects. A highly ecommended film, which has the est Spide-man to date, ut it is not the est Spide-man movie,and it is not  a film that should e taken vey seiouslyReubenM	5	Jun,22,2014	I am a ig fan of supeheo films and I felt The Amazing Spideman was a decent eoot so I was looking fowad to the sequel.The taile made it look illiant ut when I watched the film I ecame a little sceptical. The scipt was good and the CGI was mesmeizing. Jamie Foxx did a good jo of getting the audience to empathize with Max Dillon a social outcast. Futhemoe Dane DeHaan was illiant as Hay Osone. But thee wee negatives. I felt that fo a supeheo film the key thing it lacked that evey supeheo film has is action. Thee wee aely any fight scenes etween Spideman and the villains. Leading on fom that point I have to say that in the fist film I eally got into the Pete/Gwen elationship ut in this film I didn't connect with it at all and when it came to he death scene I was actually ooting fo he to die, I feel that thee was to much focus on this elationship and so it ecame oing.I felt that despite Dane DeHaan's geat pefomance thee wasn't enough of the Geen Golin. he is one of Spidemans geatest villains and he aely got five minutes also I was looking fowad to seeing Rhino and he got even less time. Oveall the acting and the scipt wee good ut the stoy didn't give off the supeheo vie as thee was a lack of focus on the villains ut still a decent film.jacob4	8	May,25,2015	An awesome Spide-Man movie that wasn't as good as the fist one ut ette than Sam Raimi's Spide-Man 3. They did a decent enough jo eimagining iconic Spide-Man villains and taking them to a whole new level. Like The Rhino who they made into a Russian moste at the eginning of the movie and doesn't show up again until the vey end of the movie weaing an awesome metal Rhino mech-suit complete with machine guns, ocket launches, a metal hon, and can even un on all fous like a eal hino can. The eooted Geen Golin they made a wee it ceepie and comedic, ut whiny and emo efoe he ecomes the Geen Golin, ut hey at least they made his militay Golin suit and glide look cool. And Electo the villain who was fo some eason played y a nedy and quiky Jamie Foxx when he was Max Dillon efoe they made him electic lue and gave him a distoted voice. And they completely came up with a diffeent oigin of how he Max Dillon ecame Electo: get electocuted y a cale then falling into a tank whee he is itten y electic eels then the tank explodes! Making him a dead ody that comes ack to life! ut hey least they gave him an awesome du step theme which was the esult of Hans Zimme meets du step. And who could foget the cute couple of Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy played y Andew Gafield and Emma Stone who still make a cute couple in eal life, afte all they ae "patnes". So get eady fo a Spide-Man movie that foeshadows and gives you Easte eggs hints of the Siniste Six and ing to life one of the most shocking and iconic moments in comic ook histoy: Gwen Stacy death! So fo all those Spide-Man neds and fans out thee hee's a movie that will get you excited fo the Siniste Six spin-off and The Amazing Spide-man 3 which poaly doesn't come out in thee o fou yeas ecause of the Siniste Six spin-off and also the Venom spin-off. Let's just hope that these futue Spide-Man movies ae ette than The Amazing Spide-Man 1 and 2 comined.RoraEst	10	Jul,,1,2014	The most omantic spideman movie eve since that upside-down kiss Toey/Kisten and dancing on the kitchen James/Kisten. Emma Stone was so pefect e Gwen Stacy. And, the whole movie looks like an indie dama movie. I love how the soundtacks wee just match with the action scenes, while I felt those soundtacks fo love songs. The whole villain assemles also poweful. I wonde who's going to e May Jane? Next Amazing Spideman movies? #SOLD!madik	8	Jul,,2,2014	This movie was definitely something I would watch again fo the fouth time. Mac We eally knows how to stike a neve when Gwen Stacy died. The scene itself was eally sad, and the wost pat of it was the fact that Spide-Man ALMOST saved he. I mean, his we was shaped liked a hand, like he was eaching fo he himself, ut in the end, it all ended up with he pictue in the sky and the sound of a cannon. I loved Electo in the movie, Jamie Foxx eally gets Max Dillon's chaacte.  I wish that he didn't die , ecause he was GOD-LIKE. Also, thee was so many othe things going on in the movie, I had toule.  My expeience was kind of like when Spide-Man was catching the tues in the eginning. Oh, hee's Aunt May, oh now Gwen Stacy and now hee's a vision of he dead fathe, now hee's the Rhino. I et thee wee people thee that wee just thee ecause the Rhino was in it and walked out of the theate wanting to punch a wall. Also, thee was the whole Hay Osone thing with his dad, which I think was wasted talent since Noman died ight away. I et if you went to the athoom at the ight time, you would miss the entie thing. I did like the fact that it was a comic ook movie, although the last one tied fo a moe ealistic appoach, and this movie did kind of keep that, ut not too much. One of the iggest pluses of this movie though was the elationship etween Pete and Gwen. They ae dating in eal life so it is kind of cool to eflect thei elationship to the Pete and Gwen elationship since most of the filming etween them was impovised.Aside fom the ten million things going on, this movie is petty spot on.NotoriousFraud	4	Aug,31,2014	The citics ae not fa off with this movie. The sequel to the eoot "The Amazing Spide-Man" is a messy film. The scipt is all ove the place, and we ae intoduced to chaactes who we ae supposed to sympathize with ut they ae neve given the sceen time o development to gow, Andew Gafield is a "meh" Pete Pake, and as the stoy pogesses it gets moe pedictale and many dum scenes late all the excitement just tuns to oe and you just want it to end.pacifier666	6	Sep,,1,2014	This Movie did not entiely go along its title so no it wasn't asolutely amazing so to say. I espect how they ae tying to diffe fom the oiginal tilogy y not emaking the same movie thice, But this is extemely weak especially the villain how they undeplayed electo and though geen golin comes towads the end he is not enough of saving gace.The scene which is exactly oowed fom the comics involving gwen's death was geat.Apat fom that i have said it efoe and ill say it again ANDREW GARFIELD is Awesome as spidemanTarby	4	Jul,26,2014	Long time fan of Spide-man, as a kid I only ought Spide-man, Tansfomes and Mask comics. I enjoyed the thee Raimi films, thid one pehaps not so much. I'm not quite why thee's all these high scoes fo this film? I'm all fo eveyone having thei own opinions and so on, ut this film is a tukey. I've given it a 4 fo some geat special effects, howeve the est of the film has issues. The scipt is hoile, I can't take to Gafield as Pete Pake I actually find his Pete to e iitating. The stoy is all so inconsistent too, he saves Jamie Foxx's chaacte ut not the dive of the taxi o the dives of the vehicles eing hit, cushed o destoyed. We'e only in in the fist what ten minutes hee. The pacing is way off, I actually tuned it off just afte Hay's change as I was so oed. It felt like I'd een watching fo hous, my wife even went to ed aout 30 minutes in. Actually I haven't wote a eview of the fist "Amazing Spide-man" ut if I did I would epeat myself quite a it! Must do ette, eally need to get all Mavel chaactes ack unde one movie making oof.Mrmoviegoer13	1	Aug,13,2014	Once thee was a geat supeheo named Spide-Man. In 2002 he got his fist taste of the ig sceen with Sam Raimi and Sony Pictues Entetainment woking togethe to ceate one of the most popula supeheo movies of the 21st centuy. Following that we had 2 sequels, one of which was also citically acclaimed and the othe not so much. Shotly afte the 3d film's eleased it was announced that 'Spide-Man 4' was in development, ut was cancelled a couple of yeas late due to disageements etween Raimi and Sony. In 2012 we got a lackluste, lazy and dull "eoot" of the fanchise known as 'The Amazing Spide-Man' diected y Mac We and despite eing the lowest-gossing movie of this seies, it was still faily-well eceived and thus a sequel was commissioned so now hee we ae with 'The Amazing Spide-Man 2'. I'm going to e lunt and logical hee: this could vey well e one of the wost supeheo movies eve made, on pa with the likes of 'Batman And Roin'. Some may think that's going a it too fa, ut tust me, it isn't. Fo states, thee's pactically no plot in this movie. What this film is is asically a 150 minute advetisement fo Sony poducts, Spide-Man toys and accessoies and futue movies and spin-offs. The "su-plots" (soy I can't say that with a staight face) in this movie consist of Max Dillon ecoming Electo, which happens in the space of 5 seconds so you don't get to see his full tansition, Oscop ovethowing Hay Oson afte his fathe's death, Pete Pake eaking up with Gwen Stacy (only to get ack with he at the end of the movie just so they can make he death moe tagic), Pete Pake finding out aout the mystey of his paents and Hay Oson ecoming the Geen Golin ecause he has some disease that his fathe has. So ight off the at, thee's no staightfowad plot hee. Hell these events aen't even enough to e consideed "su-plots" ecause they don't all tie togethe in the end fo one final attle o... anything! Nothing is given anywhee nea enough time to get fleshed out so that this movie can delive a decent stoy. The movie just eeks of lazy witing. All two- soy thee of ou villains ae given no motivation and Rhino only shows up as a human ciminal at the stat of the movie fo like five minutes only to ugge off and disappea until the last two minutes just so he can do a ampage in the style of the Rhinozod fom 'Powe Ranges' to make fo a petty lame cliffhange. As well as this, Hay Oson isn't given anywhee nea enough sceen time to ecome the villain ecause unlike the Raimi Tilogy and the comics, he only gets one movie's woth of sceen time as oppose to two movies' woth of uild-up (o tonnes of comics' woth depending on what pespective you'e coming fom). While the actos ae eally tying thei est with what they have, the scipt liteally gives them nothing to wok with. Chaacte motivations ae latantly non-existent, Pete Pake's identity keeps changing fom douche-ag to idiot ack to douche-ag again and epeat and Gwen Stacy is liteally only in the movie to show how little the wites actually get aout why she's an impotant chaacte. Oveall, 'The Amazing Spide-Man 2' is a spit in the face staight fom Mac We and Sony to Spide-Man fans. It doesn't exist to do any good. Not to tell a good stoy, not to petend it's a good movie and not to entetain fans of the fanchise. It only exists to make money and that's it. I give it 1/10 and fo good eason. It's an insult to spidey fans and supeheo fans alike.zperry-20	5	Aug,15,2014	Anothe supeheo movie that juggled too much , none of the villians had the competency that they all deseve , Electo was pooly done , and the film stuggled to stick to one gene.geotropisome	1	Aug,20,2014	I have a question why did you kill Gwen at the end of the movie. And why didn't you kill hay at the and why so you can keep him alive fo the next spide-man.Criley	8	Aug,23,2014	I loved this movie fom the eginning, the special effects wee magnificent, especially the slow motion scenes. Thee was also a vey good stoyline giving the viewe moe insight into the life of Pete's fathe and his easons fo aandoning Pete. That eing said, something aout the ending just ued me the wong way. While thee was the ovious foeshadowing thoughout the movie of Pete having visions of he fathe and the pomise he made to him aout staying away fom Gwynn, when she died it still hit me like a ton of icks. All of the foeshadowing almost made the moment moe impactful. I figued that they would ty to make a tilogy out of this fom the eginning, and I always pictued he eing Pete's love inteest thoughout all thee movies. The ending was also a little weak, and while I undestand thei desie to leave it open fo a thid installment to this eoot of the fanchise, I elieve they could have ceated something a little ette than just having him etun to fighting afte mouning Gwynn. I would popose something along the lines of Pete defeating Hay in thei attle and saving Gwynn in the pocess, then showing the mysteious figue at the end of the movie, effectively leaving the movie open fo a sequel, while simultaneously keeping Gwynn in the pictue and povoking much moe thought fom the audience. If I'm cazy let me know ut I elieve this would have een a much moe satisfying ending.BigZ	5	Aug,29,2014	I wasn't as impessed as I was looking to e. It's only getting hade and hade to make good supeheo films these days and I just couldn't find a good hook in this one. Thee's a paticula feel that the Spide-man has and I felt like he was deliveed as well as he could have een ut the othe acting pefomances and weak plot and suplots just wateed down that feel. Polems stated popping up that eg the question why they otheed to eoot this supeheo. What's the point of Rhino? How come Jamie Foxx's chaacte has a way weid and awkwad pesonality then just magically ecomes BA afte he gets supepowes. (Okay common issue in many supeheo films ut that doesn't change the lack of development in the villains.) The oyfiend, gilfiend, just fiends, fluctuations wee just too laoed and plain wasted time. I mean estogen much? That eing said, I liked Emma Stone. I felt like she stepped into he chaacte nicely ut they totally had to uin that didn't they. This movie isn't a total loss, its woth a watch o two at est.Platty20	6	Sep,,5,2014	A mostly undewhelming sequel which shoehons two villains in with liteally no development, the chaacte of Max ecomes the villain electo in a way that makes no sense even in tems of supe heo movies with such tivial motivations he is immediately unelievale as a chaacte. Il give the movie cedit fo actually having the alls to kill off the love inteest which esults in a petty emotional scene. Acting is petty good fom eveyone involved, ut oveall the movie left a lot to e desied. If they can't even develop one villain I dead to think what will happen in the sequel when they squeeze as many as they can in.Evan2814	8	Sep,23,2014	This movies lives up to the title adjective 'amazing', making itself the the new jewel of Spide-Man movies! It keeps itself tue to the souce mateial while poviding gipping plot and chaacte development.This movie had enough attiutes to make itself genuinely unique among othe supeheo movies.CKOSMO	7	Sep,23,2014	The movie is eally geat, ut in my mind was a little it hyped. The action scenes ween't satisfying to me and the cast was small. It has a lot to do with Pete Pake, ut to me, Spide-Man didn't eally get that much stoy.dziugastvaravic	10	Nov,16,2014	this movie is not pefect and its not teile...it is definetly a vey good movie with flaws that annoy MANY citics  and fans howeve it has many AWESOME moments and good things in it like the amazing acting done y Dane Dehan Emma Stone and Andew Gafield who is the est spide man YET...one of the est things in this movie is the asolutely FANTASTIC action and effects like spideys AMAZING swinging scenes who ae the est spideman swinging scenes we saw in a spideman movie also the fight scenes with electo at the powe plant and time squae ae definetly one of the est comic ook fight scenes I saw...and of couse who can foget the wondeful ealationship etween Pete and Gwen that is the one thing that saves this movie fom evey posile chance of failue it could have... ut like I said its not pefect the stoy is ushed and sometimes the scenes jump fom one anothe so fast you cant even link fo a second,the villains like many people aleady said ae ushed too and dont have alot of chaacte development...ut thanks to the incedile acting pefomances, the est action and effects shown in a spide man movie,the ealationship etween Pete and Gwen and Andew Gafield's pefomance as Spideman The Amazing Spide man 2 is one of the est spideman movies eve.....ut not the estRainwhole	6	Oct,20,2014	What it does ight, it does it REALLY ight!What it does wong, it does it REALLY wong! The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is a fantastic movie aout a young couple stuggling to adapt to thei adult tansition, that fogets it's a supe heo movie. To the point, that I found the Spideman scenes annoying, fo I was moe inteested in Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy's elationship. That's a polem....simply ecause I paid to see Spideman and I'm into elements of the movie instead that make me want to not see the we-heo. A moe appopiate tittle fo this movie would e "Love in Manhattan" o "We of Love", ecause it completely nails a completely diffeent move than the one it was intended to e. I enjoy the fist movie, and I enjoy elements of this one. Yet, afte this one I'm not looking fowad to The Amazing Spideman 3... Let's hope the Siniste Six give a new fesh ai to the spidey univese. Fo I still elieve Sony can tun aound this fanchise.SythusRATINGS	8	Oct,22,2014	It’s geat to e Spide-Man. Fo Pete Pake, thee’s no feeling quite like swinging etween skyscapes, emacing eing the heo, and spending time with Gwen. But eing Spide-Man comes at a pice: only Spide-Man can potect his fellow New Yokes fom the fomidale villains that theaten the city. With the emegence of Electo, Pete must confont a foe fa moe poweful than he. And as his old fiend, Hay Oson, etuns, Pete comes to ealize that all of his enemies have one thing in common: Oscop.TheRealCritics	10	Oct,18,2014	Dont undestand ad talk. Geat Moive. Sony give ack Rights please. love spideyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyJoem33	8	Nov,19,2014	Definitely ette than the fist Amazing Spide-Man movie. I think the emotional depth Mac We employed in this one is its main saving gace, that is, asides fom the cool special effects and action scenes. But in all, this whole new Spide-Man eoot is nowhee close to the nigh-pefect oiginal Sam Raimi tilogy. I mean, Spiddy gets to attle two supe villains (almost effotlessly) and doesn't even scatch his suit? You know, that's the coe diffeence etween the two movies: Sam Raimi's Spide-Man had this authenticity aout it and it was moe elievale, while Mac We's just plain shallow ut still enjoyale (The Amazing Spide-Man 2 that is, 1 is a total no no fo me).TheFilmFanatic	5	Nov,,2,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is a sequel that supisingly does what most sequels do not: delive. This film uilds off of the action, teen angst and intensity of The Amazing Spide-Man y inging the themes of human connection and loss as well as a wide aay of eloved and new villains. Andew Gafield fits comfotaly into the ole of Pete Pake as he delives a chaismatic and stong pefomance as the weed heo. The witing fo the most pat is passale, minus a few odd phasings in dialogue.JohnMasterL	8	Jan,,4,2015	The Amazing Spideman 2 es un espectáculo visual, supea en todos los aspectos a su pimea pate, aun así hay cosas que se manejaon un poco mal y pudo hae estado mejo, cumple con algunas de las expectativas.tormentor55	8	Dec,27,2014	decent film ut suffes fom an identity cisis fom time to time. Sometimes it wants to e a staight out action film othe times it's a movie on a couple stuggling to e a couple. Give it a shot ut don't expect something like the avenges o guadians of the galaxy.PeterParker	5	Nov,,8,2014	One of the est supeheo movies eve.The Amazing Spide-Man is ette than the fist movie.This is the est movie of 2014,afte X-Men: Days of a futue past.With thee of the est villains of the comic: Electo,Geen Golin (this time is not Noman Oson,ut Hay Oson) and Rhino.FantasyCritic71	7	Jan,,8,2015	This movie is petty good in some fields and ad at othes. SPOILER ALERT!!!! Its a eview what do you expect? The action is amazing the actos did a good jo ut the stoy is meh. 1st off the movie stated off eally oing I almost tuned it off to stat playing my Kingdom Heats 2.5 Game ut I decided to finish watching ecause I'm a Spide-Man Fan and I want to know if this movie potays him well. I then found out that Jamie Foxx is Electo like what? Jamie Foxx? I was shocked liteally. ut anyway the plot got inteesting as soon as Electo got involved. Also the elationship etween Pete & Gwen was a little inteesting too ut I was tuned off y it when she dumped him just to go ack to him again ut I calmed myself. Pete & Gwen ae togethe again nothing can eve split them apat again ight? Geen Golin kills he she dies elationship is ove. Gwen dying didn't make me mad in fact I wanted he to die ecause I'm a heatless peson and I didn't eally cae aout he I did feel a little ad fo he though. Its this pat in the stoy that I like despite the fact that I hate omance the omance eing thee made Gwen's death have alot of impact on the stoy and Pete as a chaacte. But anyway the est of the movie wasn't that inteesting to me the fights ae what gets me hooked into this movie and I feel like I'm the only one who feels ad fo Electo. I didn't feel the Spide-Man Vie I always feel most of the movie was just the omance etween Pete and Gwen. The movie needed moe chaacte development alot of chaacte development maye if I'd have seen The Amazing Spide Man 1 I might have enjoyed this a it moe. My questions & complaints ae What happened to May Jane? And Whee is Jonah Jameson? See to me without Jonah Jameson Spide-Man isn't Spide-Man. I miss him calling Spide Man a menace and always complaining aout him. Plus I pesonally always pefeed May Jane ove Gwen Stacy she was moe unique moe nice. The one thing I loved aout this movie is Pete Pake's Ringtone The Spide Man Theme Dun dun dun dun dun............. I need to get that Ringtone.marvelmaniact	8	Nov,17,2014	eing a huge mavel fan i was pleased in allot of ways on how sony and the wites stuck to the comics. eveyone agees andew gafield and emma stone have chemisty ut that doesnt mean evey othe scene should e ased on them.oveall i enjoyed the new costume, sceen design and effects ut sadly the hino scene uined my hope and love fo this film and fanchise. Sony should sell the spideman ights ack to mavel to settle thei money polems and in hope that mavel can epai the damage. i still elieve andew gafield is the est adaptation of pete pake ut i am afaid if mavel does egain the ights he would e eplaced and i would puke if toy miguie egained the ole as the we cawle. and that laddies and gentlemen is my ant on the cuent spideman situation in a tue fans eyesMovi3R3vi3wer	7	Nov,27,2014	The fist one wasn't so amazing (I didn't like it that much) I found moe enjoyment in the second installment in Mak We's Spide-Man Saga. Highly divided, I stand on the side saying I thought this was a good movie. The action was cool and Andew Gafield is just excellent as Spide-Man (ut no Toey Maguie).LostSandwich	8	Dec,,4,2014	This movie has some issues, that is fo sue, fo example the pacing was poo and Max/Electo's chaacte was not uilt up quite enough. But this is still an excellent film. Hoily undeated.JohnKristofer	5	Dec,21,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is not what we expected to e "Bette than the oiginal".The Movie Suffes of too much chaactes and undedeveloped Villains,and the so many plots.Despite geat actos playing they'e oles.,The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is a disappointing movie fo a spide-man fan o any people who watches it.WheelzFourReelz	6	Jan,,4,2015	Thee is some fun to e had, ut The Amazing Spide-Man 2 has so many ongoing plot points that the entie movie lacks focus. That, and the chaactes wee lacking in almost all depatments. It's still mildly enjoyale, ut it's not as good as it could have een.JackConstantine	7	Jan,,5,2015	Much ette than it's pequel, the Amazing spideman (1). In this movie, Gafield eally steps into his own, with a ashe, funnie slightly dake film.jlittle1404	8	Jan,,8,2015	The Amazing Spideman was the Spideman movie most people had een waiting fo since Spide-man 3 left a ad taste in ou mouths fo the chaacte. The Amazing Spideman 2 was the movie that I thought would take the seies to anothe level ut fell just a little shot. That eing said this is still a good movie and the stoyline sticks to the comic ook. Not ad ut not geat... I give it a 8 out of 10DBPirate1129	9	Jan,11,2015	To my supise, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 impoves on its pedecesso ut suffes fom the too many ad guys appoach of Spide-Man 3. Nevetheless, this film has finally eached the geatness of the olde tilogy.aaronbartuska	7	Jan,12,2015	While one can't help ut wish all of these geat actos wee in a film moe wothy of thei pefomances, the second film in this Spideman eoot seies is supisingly a lot of fun. Sue, the music choices suck and Sony should keep thei poduct placement fa away fom the movies they put out, ut if these factos ae ovelooked, thee is a good time to e had.TheRealFGFan	8	Jan,13,2015	It's such a pity that this movie is hoily eceived. It's such a good movie and I'm the only one who seems to like it when thee ae 3 villains. In this case: Geen Golin, Electo, and Rhino. The game can go the same way as well, ut this is a MOVIE eview, mind you. Thee is one wod to descie this movie: AmazingMediawatcher	6	Feb,10,2015	Don't hate on me fo saying this, ut amazing Spide-Man 2 was a colossal **** dissapointment, with it **** stoy and awful unning time. Jamie fox and Dane Dehan did ok ut even they ween't enough to help out this movie. I'm not saying it's ad ut definitly could've een way ette. It's still good ut mavel wok on the stoy.Lelchelsea	2	Jan,19,2015	Thee ae times when you come out of a cinema so disappointed that you pay to go see anothe movie.That was the case with The Amazing Spide-Man 2. It had no eal diection o anything to show the audience athe than a few scenes of the on off elationship of Gwen and Pete that eally just took too much sceen time to explain and seemed unewading to moving the stoy fowad. The Amazing Spide-Man wasn't hoile ut fo 200 million dollas you would think they could come up with flashy lights a messy plot and a final attle that sounded like a skillex concet.Bernolsven	8	Jan,26,2015	O omance ente os dois pesonagens pincipais chegou ao ápice e isso não me incomodou de foma alguma. As lutas do filme são uins e pela pimeia vez eles modificaam muito coisa nos inimigos, como o Electo, que acho que não ea um om vilão pa adapta e o Duende Vede se o filho logo dieto, aah, pa mim foi muito eado, mas é um ótimo filme.soloms	8	Apr,17,2015	AMAZING!!!! FANTASTIC! I don't undestand how the citics give so ad ates to this movie. One of the est supe-heoes movies eve!..................MovieManiac83	5	Apr,22,2015	One of the easons Spide-Man endues, as a pofitale popety and a popula icon, is that he emains an undedog—the supeheo who can save the city, ut not his fiendships o elationships o GPA. Sue, swinging acoss the Manhattan skyline may e a last, ut it’s hadly compensation fo what cime-fighting does to a young man’s pesonal life. In The Amazing Spide-Man 2, the wehead’s latest cinematic stint, adioactive teen Pete Pake (Andew Gafield) has a lot on his plate. The film opens, in a cosscutting fluy of action, with him nealy missing his high-school gaduation to stop a hijacking in pocess. Fom thee, things only get moe complicated: The heo’s haunted y guilt ove the death of his gilfiend’s fathe (Denis Leay); y the fea that he’ll end up dawing said gilfiend, Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone), into the cossfie; and y a uning cuiosity aout the paents who aandoned him. And that’s to say nothing of the supepoweed heavies out fo his masked head. As always, and in the immotal ut paaphased wods of his dead uncle, Pake gapples with the geat esponsiility that comes with his geat powe. He’s not alone: The ceative team ehind this expensive, uneven extavaganza has some petty weighty oligations of its own. With the powe of a nine-digit udget comes the esponsiility of keeping a fanchise chugging along, of intoducing new chaactes while paying off old conflicts, of planting seeds fo futue installments. Call that the standad uden of cafting a moden comic-ook movie; the good ones, like last month’s Captain Ameica: The Winte Soldie, make the multitasking look easy. Hee, it looks aout as difficult as tying to alance a stack of gaphic novels on a thin stand of gossame. The est that can e said fo this usy sequel is that it aely esemles, as its 2012 pedecesso too fequently did, a mee etead of Sam Raimi’s moe eccentic Spide-Man movies. Mac We, who seemed faintly ovewhelmed y his inaugual lockuste gig, displays geate confidence ehind the camea. His fist ig action scene, a feveed pusuit though ush-hou taffic, has a puckish enegy wothy of the souce mateial. And thee ae a few scenes of spectacula eye candy, as when We tuns a moment of catastophe into a CGI taleau, tacking a single sput of weing though a dispesing cowd o down a collapsing clock towe. But the scipt is aely so gaceful. Powe duo Alex Kutzman and Roeto Oci stuggle to tansition among scenes of city-demolishing comat, indie-ock-scoed montages of Pete pouting in his oom, and intusions of copoate-espionage ackstoy. They’ve witten a checklist, not a sceenplay. Even at a hefty 142 minutes, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 hasn’t the time fo its sufeit of plot, no fo the spawling ensemle of suppoting chaactes caught in the sticky we We weaves. (Thee’s no oom, fo example, fo Pete’s newspapeman oss, J. Jonah Jameson, who appeas only in email fom—though maye that’s fo the est, given the uneatale wondes J.K. Simmons once did with the pat.) Dane DeHaan, fom Chonicle, ings a sociopathic ich-kid menace to the ole of Hay Oson, hei to the coupt Oscop empie. But the movie can spae only a scene o two to develop his complicated kinship with oyhood fiend Pake; a elationship that spanned the entie length of Raimi’s tilogy has een condensed into one movie hee. Similaly, thee’s little Jamie Foxx can do with his villain, walking attey Electo. Kutzman and Oci position him as a kind of adult-male Caie, lashing out at a wold that’s ignoed and misteated him. His ac, howeve, neve gains any damatic powe; he’s a stalke geek caicatue who tansfoms into a special effect, glowing lue skin and cuents of CGI electicity povided in place of an inteesting pathology. Wedged among the endless intoductions, the flashy light shows, and the goundwok fo futue sequels ae the occasional gace notes, most of them coutesy of Gafield and Stone. It’s no supise that the diecto of (500) Days Of Summe most excels at the omantic side of Spide-Man, the scenes of playful appot etween the supeheo and the geeky deam gil he’s somehow snagged. The Amazing Spide-Man 2 aives at a supisingly poignant climax fo the young loves, one that Gafield—a whiz at wisecacking and ooding—sells with utmost conviction. Yet even that heatfelt punctuation is endeed pefunctoy, just anothe item on the film’s checklist. Pehaps We should have just caon-copied the decade-old second chapte of Raimi’s tilogy, a much moe elegant alancing act etween dama and spectacle. Now that was an amazing Spide-Man.Urbanlistener	8	Apr,17,2016	In my opinion this movie is fa ette than the fist one, moe well-ounded and ich in its chaacte development. Andew Gafield is still vey good as spideman and evey scene with him is geat and the cast fom the fist one is still on point. The omance etween him and Gwen feels moe natual and necessay to the plot. Electo is a petty decent villain, his chaacte is inteesting and his stoy ac and motivations ae way moe clea and coheent than the villain fom the fist one. As in the pevious film, the CG is excellent and evey action scene is vey well-made and vey enjoyale. The main issue with this film is its aundance of ad guys that spideman has to deal with and maye too much su-plots. It ecomes a it convoluted and confusing at some points, ut I still think that evey new chaacte and stoy acs ae moe inteesting, oiginal, emotionally esonant and moe developed than the ones in the fist film. Yes, thee is a lot of su-plots, ut they all tie in togethe in a decent way, whee you can still follow the main point of the movie, even if sometimes it his hade than it should e. The last 15 minutes ae indeed a letdown and seem foced and ae an ovious unneeded setup fo Siniste six, ut the est of the film felt much moe inteesting, ich in chaacte development, emotional attachment and cohesion in the villains intentions and plans, than the fist one, thus much ette and fun to watch.Jalumbi	7	May,,6,2015	While ''The amazing Spideman 2'' suffes fom an ovely convoluted and confusing plot, putting plenty of chaactes with no development at all, the special effects and action make the film an entetaining pop-con flick.TheDude-	4	Jul,11,2015	While TASM 2 does have geat special effects, Action sequences and omance etween Gafield and Stone that can not make up fo a cowded stoyline and oveaundance of setup fo sequels/ chaactes and villains.waronasserman	8	May,,2,2015	this movie is eally geat! so undeated and gets so much hate undesevingly! this is such a fun movie! people fault it fo plot holes when they don't pay attentionNatT96	3	Aug,19,2015	Just watch the 2004 Spide ManNot ette than the fist films at all, this movies sot of a mess, ut it did not make it a ad movie entiely. This film wants you to like thee chaactes in it, ut thee so cliche though, the new Spide Man ties with this sot of cheesy punchline pesonality, that's just  not that enjoyale. A majoity of the movie it seems as if this Pete Pake just doesn't even take things seiously, and of couse it seemed like it was just to puposely ceate conflict that was not needed, no enjoyale. The films cgi is mind lowing though, that's poaly all I eally enjoyed aout it, it was done well. Now as fa as Jamie Foxx's involvement, I liteally guessed his entie chaacte  ecause he immediately showed was a geneic nedy steeotype...I just didn't eally cae fo that at all. Thee is so much villain involvement (o intoductions) in the film, it gives you too much at once that they all didn't fit the plot, liteally. So, cliche chaacte development, oveuse of villains, and a cheesy Pete Pake that gets annoying, its easily fogettale.AaronDWasserman	8	Jun,26,2015	This movie was y fa the est of the Spide-Man movies. Gafield and We tuely captued the heo ight off the pages. Ganted this movie has its flaws, ut it does way moe good than ad. Ignoe the citics ashing of this movie, go in an enjoy  itRichardso1970	5	Jun,27,2015	It's ok, getting way into the unelievale comic ook ealm. Kind of dissapointed. Schmaltzy teitoy. I liked the oiginal movie seies ette. I'll still watch the new ones ut not in a movie theate.BoogeeFilmGuy	6	Aug,,8,2015	I saw this at a 'special theate'. I say its special ecause it had flowes hanging fom the ceiling and eclining chais. Alas, thoughout the omantic scenes in this movie I focused moe on the est position to lie in on my ecline athe than actually looking at the gigantic sceen. Anyway, the othe pats of the film wee somewhat enjoyale and I don't think Spide-Man fans left too disappointed, although some of the scenes do go on fo quite a while.kababs	5	Jul,18,2015	The Amazing Spideman 2 is oveall a medioce film, although its not a teile movie. Thee ae geneally good moments within the film such as Mac We's visual diection with the film, the cinematogaphy (some of the scenes aound New Yok look geat) and Andew Gafield's pefomance as Spide-man is top notch. But of couse the polems with the film geneally evolve aound the stoy. Why should I cae aout Dane Dehaan's chaacte? Why is electo even in this movie, what is his motivation towads Spideman? Including andom plot elements thown in like Aunt May's new jo and Pete Pake's wall of nonsense that isn't even explained. Plus the andom steeotypical ussian mad scientist thown in thee to ing it a couple of cinge wothy moments. Fans deseve ette fom a spideman film and hopefully they take a moe seious appoach to the stoy telling next time aound to give us something actually engaging and woth watching. Oveall I wouldn't ecommend it unless you a die-had spideman fan with a moid cuiosity.CineAutoctono	6	Dec,,8,2015	The seculea eoot of Spide -Man was slightly supising , plot, the scipt fo the humoous time so Spide -Man tells Spaky to Electo LOL, that funny , ut it will not e necessay to Andew Gafield to e Spide -Man , Tom Holland tied to secue his style play Spide -Man , at its deut in Captain Ameica: Civil Wa.YellowKirby	5	Sep,27,2015	I thought this movie was okay, ut it has a lot of polems, goofs, unnecessay composition, and the fact that Electo's ange of powes constantly expand to the point that he can inexplicaly ceate a lack leathe suit fo himself so that he can look cool in the final attle, ecause... eason.JaykobRiley	2	Sep,10,2015	this movie had high exceptions fom the fist amazing spide man eing good ut  this film just tuned out to e **** the villains neve fight spide man togethe. Electo stoy line was just stupid. the hino was waste to a 3 minute fight at the end. the majoity of the film is just talking.  Andew Gafield was decent ut he is old and outdated. the film tied to make him look like a figue fo teenage gils to have oganism fo. the only good thing was the uilding of the siniste six and Gwen dying. i actually laughed at the moment . i would say to a peson who wants to watch this film is too just stae at a lack sceen fo 2 hous ecause that is moe inteesting.AWasserman	8	Dec,20,2015	Not a pefect movie, ut an enjoyale one non the less. Agualy my favoite Spide-Man movie. Best epesentation of the chaacte on film eve. Andew Gafield owns this ole. The effects, action, cast, music, all came togethe nicely. This movie could have een ette if they made Max, not electo, moe elievale, and they focused the film moe, and didn't eveal so much in the tailes.aadityamudhar	4	Apr,18,2016	It's just so land and oing.... the film lacks a pulse. Thee was one genuinely heat-felt moment towad the vey end of the film that got me, ut the est? Vey lah. The second Captain Ameica film was a thousand times ette than this film. The chemisty etween the two leads is meage, the ad guys don't inspie fea like those in the the Dak Knight seies - not even close. You can't even put those two fanchises in the same paagaph. I was a HUGE Spide-Man fan as a kid - what a shame that they can't make a good movie fo this chaacte. (O a good video game, fo that matte.)EpicLadySponge	5	Jan,22,2016	This Amazing Spide-Man has shown us what Pete Pake had tied. The elements ae still in thee... it's just ain't what the fist Amazing Spide-Man had that made it eaned the 7 scoe.gameguardian21	5	Mar,14,2016	This spide man movie epeats things that spide man 3 did wong, ut makes it into a oing, awkwad, and makes no sense. The movie says this is spide mans geastist challenge, ut its his challenge to ty to keep this movie good.Jarody	7	Feb,20,2016	The amazing spide-man 2 is the villain heavy sequel to the satisfactoy amazing spide-man. Fistly, the chemisty etween pete and Gwen is the est we've seen in any spide-man movie efoe. The costume and action ae also fantastic, and the acting is uppe class. Some scenes could e consideed the est in spide-man's movie caee, like the Gwen death scene. Howeve no movie is pefect. Thee ae a couple too many side plots in the movie, which is why the movie is quite cowded, not ecause thee is too many villains. The villains aen't the geatest though, with hino eing too catoony, electo was a it cheesy, and the golin feels slightly ushed. In the end though, the amazing spide-man 2 is an enjoyale movie, an I myself eally enjoyed it. But I can undestand why some people don't.Ectsoplasm	8	Feb,,2,2016	That'll do, Sony. That'll do. Seiously though, I love Spideman, ut the tilogy that came not 10 yeas efoe this duology didn't satisfy me. The Amazing Spide-Man movies wee much moe faithful to the souce mateial with the we shootes Pete Pake uilt... ut eing faithful isn't enough to make a geat movie. This movie has a geat stoy, though it kind of has two unelated villain oigin stoies. Some people said this movie had too many villains, ut I don't quite see how two villains is too much. By the way, Rhino didn't count. He was just some fan sevice at the end to foeshadow a new villain fo the next movie (which we won't e getting, ut if it means getting an even ette movie fom Mavel, I'm all fo it.) The acting was elievale, ut the lead ole, Andew Gafield, had the show stolen y the acto who played Electo, Jamie Foxx. That chaacte was just cazy enough to e funny, and to make us feel ad fo how cheated he was as well as how he ended up. Oveall, I asolutely LOVE this movie, ut I can see the flaws. Geen Golin did seem a little thown in thee.nicomarin12	7	Feb,24,2016	Ok, I watched this movie twice the opening weekend and I have loved it so much since. Almost 2 yeas late I have watched the movie again and I now have a moe accuate opinion aout the movie. Fist of all, I still love this movie and the pevious one. Gafield's my favoite Spide-Man, I love Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy, and the atmosphee of the movies is much moe enjoyale than the Raimi ones (Poaly ecause it sticks moe to my "ea"). I think the movie succeeded in action and special effects, pefomances and an oveall stoy flawlessly. But, the stoy still has some plot holes and too much coincidences (like the Roosevelt tain pat). Howeve I think the main issue with this movie is that it is WAY too oveloaded with chaactes and plots and things going on fo all of it to fit in one movie. We have Pete's paents thing, Electo, Pete and Gwen ack and foth in the elationship, Aunt May as a nuse, etc. So they can't focus in make one plot and make it good. The maketing campaign in the othe hand, was vey misleading. I think that if they didn't show Rhino at all in the postes o tailes (and little of the Geen Golin), the movie could've actually een a it ette. Anothe thing that they do in this film is focus way too much in setting up the sequel with all that Siniste Six stuff. I think the movie has a lot of polems in its stoy and that makes it a less cohesive film. It's such a shame ecause it had so much potential and if they had made it a it 'smalle' it would have tuned out geat. I'm eally sad that the ights ae at Mavel (huh... that's weid) ecause I loved Gafield and The Amazing Spide-Man fanchise so much. I wanted to see Siniste Six this yea! I wanted to see ASM3! And I'm sad this whole univese they set up went staight to tash. Plus, I'm not a fun at all with the new casting choice, so this kid ette e good Mavel. In summay, I had a ton of fun with this movie, ut I see why people didn't like it and I undestand it pefectly. The plot is all ove the place and may e difficult to catch up with. I want to give this movie an 8 since I like it too much, ut I feel it deseves at least a 7 fo its convoluted plot. It may still e my 2nd o 3d favoite, ut hey, that's just my opinion. Thanks fo sticking though my opinion and have a nice day.AgentVenom117	6	Feb,21,2016	Easily the most contovesial Spide-Man film as many people wonde,what went wong? It oviously was the studios (sonys) fault. This movie is what happens when a studio doesn't let the film makes make the film they want to make,and this causes a film that had the potential to e geat ut tuned out just ok. If you'e a Spide-Man fan you can find enjoyment in this film ut if you'e a casual fan o not a Spide-Man fan I'd say you could pass on this one o watch if it's fee on TV.MaxBoyz	10	Feb,27,2016	Electo and SpideMan ae good fighting, okay im oing.... ut Amazing Spideman is so Geat. I hopeTom Holland is so AWESOME FIGHTING in Civil Wa. come on :DFuturedirector	7	Mar,18,2016	Pete Pake, Ghen Stacy, he fathe, Electo, Hay Oson, his fathe, Oscop's wokes, Aunt May, Gehn's family (x3), Felicia, Rhino and some othe chaactes..., this film is full..., and it has some kind of moe plots than a nomal science-fiction, supeheo films. Anyway, it has tue love, honest emotion, action-packed and thilling enough fo put the audience in shock.ReelViews94	4	Mar,23,2016	The fifth Spide-Man featue, which is the sequel to the unnecessay eoot, is all ove the place, an undecooked cinematic casseole that lends some genuinely touching moments and well-pesented action sequences with ad melodama, ovelong exposition, and oveexposed CGI. Thee ae too many negatives to keep the expeience fom eing the kind of giddy adenaline ush one hopes fo with a Big Summe Flick. Sitting though The Amazing Spide-Man 2, I had the feeling that sceenwites Alex Kutzman, Roeto Oci, and Jeff Pinkne and diecto Mac We wee thowing eveything they could think of at the audience to see what might stick. Thee ae some good moments in The Amazing Spide-Man 2, especially towad the end, ut the whole thing seems to have een assemled y filmmakes tone-deaf to what constitutes compelling cinema. Key elationships ae given shot shift. The cental villain (to the extent that thee is one) is all luste and no menace. The "esolution" to the mystey of Richad and May Pake is an anti-climax. Spide-Man is too oviously the poduct of compute gaphic atists as he swings aound New Yok (an oft-head complaint aout the weslinge fom ack in Sam Raimi's fist installment). A majoity of the movie focuses on events in and aound Oscop, the omnipesent New Yok City tech copoation that employs Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone), the platinum lond gilfiend of Pete Pake a.k.a. Spide-Man (Andew Gafield). Gwen is delightful ut the same can't e said of Pete, who comes acoss as a smat aleck. At least ealy in the poceedings, Pete isn't likale, although the sceenplay eventually humanizes him a it. Woied that his elationship with Gwen might e putting he life in dange, he eaks it off with he. Loving he means letting he go. Meanwhile, we discove that Pete's childhood est fiend, Hay Oson (Dane DeHaan), is ack in town, having taken ove Oscop following his fathe's untimely death. Afte an awkwad eunion scene, it's just like old times fo these two, ut the atificial manne in which Hay's osom fiendship with Pete is foced upon the audience makes this elationship a non-state. While Hay and Pete ae usy ekindling thei omance, one of Oscop's loyal electical enginees, Max Dillon (Jamie Foxx), has an accident. Afte eing electocuted, he falls into a tank of mutant eels and is epeatedly itten y them. Instead of dying like any self-especting ovezealous woke, he ecomes a supevillain called "Electo." The sceenplay neve othes to estalish the "ules" govening him no does it do a good jo of explaining his limitations. His motives ae also pooly defined; what is his soul's desie eyond killing Spide-Man? Electo ecalls The Sand-Man in Spide-Man 3: an imposing ad guy who's just aound to add some vaiety to the attle sequences. I suppose the eal villain of the piece is The Geen Golin, ut he doesn't show up until nea the end. Thee's also The Rhino ut his deut comes even late than The Golin's. Tuth is, fo aout half the unning length, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 doesn't have any villains, which esults in a meandeing sceenplay that ties to stay afloat y ticking viewes into thinking they'e watching a supeheo soap opea. As one might expect fom a eal-life couple, Andew Gafield and Emma Stone display some nicely modulated chemisty, although they neve quite match Toey Maguie and Kisten Dunst fo geneating spaks. And, while events conspie to knock some of the petulance out of this too-cocky intepetation of Pete Pake, Gafield neve completely loses the "too cool fo school" ai. Spide-Man's enemies ae an undewhelming lot. Dane DeHaan, who was effective in Chonicle, fails to find his footing hee. His tansfomation is moe inevitale than tagic and his Geen Golin comes acoss as a geneic homicidal comic ook ad guy. Electo is poaly aout 50% Jamie Foxx and 50% CGI and it doesn't help that Foxx seems to e channeling Richad Pyo fom Supeman 3. t's no stetch to say that the final 15 minutes saves The Amazing Spide-Man 2 fom eing a disaste. In oowing a stoyline fom the comics, it does so with the pope level of eveence without ecoming slavish. This segment of The Amazing Spide-Man 2 feels a little moe eal, a little moe unexpected, and little moe honest than what we have come to expect fom othewise y-the-numes supeheo movies. It gives meaning to an othewise scatteshot poduction that could have enefited fom a less spectacle and ette witing. Even at a hefty 142 minutes, The Amazing Spide-Man 2 hasn’t the time fo its sufeit of plot, no fo the spawling ensemle of suppoting chaactes caught in the sticky we We weaves.AaronWasserman1	7	Mar,26,2016	I had to eally stetch to give it a 7. Thee is so many missed oppotunities, ut so many things so well executed. Andew Gafield is the highlight of this movie, and the eoot as a whole.Koplins	8	May,,9,2016	This Movie was good. a lot ette than Spide-man 3.too many villains ut eveything else is okay.although its  disappointing  that thee wasn't a sequel to this movie ecause the movie ended with a cliff hange.Aaron_Wasserman	7	Jun,,1,2016	I had to eally stetch to give it a 7. Thee is so many missed oppotunities, ut so many things so well executed. Andew Gafield is the highlight of this movie, and the eoot as a whole.MasterRiley	7	Jul,23,2016	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is vey entetaining and enjoyale to watch. Its got lots of geat action, comedy, geat effects, geat music, geat pefomances, and cool villains. The polem with the film is its ove stuffed scipt, much like Sam Raimi's Spide-Man 3. Thee main villains appea in the movie when just one would have een enough. The film should have focused on Electo eing the only villain, athe then thowing in the Geen Golin and Rhino as well. The movie ties too had to set up the next few films that Sony had planned athe than focusing on making just Spide-Man 2 a geat and coheent film. Definitely still an enjoyale watch, just don't expect anything gound eaking.Hyperleon	9	May,26,2014	I have no idea why Citics ae giving this movie otten eviews. The movie was well done. Electo and geen golin had a lot of humanity ehind them. Jamie Fox and Dane Daunhaunn (i poaly spelled that wong soy) Play vey well as the villains. Dane eally ings out the ceepynist is the geen golin. Now heads up geen golin is not in thee vey long no hino, ut god dang the fight scene etween Golin and spidey was awesome! That would usually othe me that Golin and Rhino wasn't in thee vey ut you see the cental villain is electo and they nailed him. This movie had geat acting and CGI. I do like the fact they put spide-man's ailities to the full use. In the oiginal tilogy y sam ami. Spidey's spide sense hadly woked. In this one its used to the max. The Fight scenes with all the villains wee awesome. Ok now to Andew Gafield and Emma stone. Andew Gafield is the est casted choice eve fo spide-man and Pete Pake. Its just the way he acts and talks that makes him moe of a elievale spide-man. By the way spide-man in this movie is hilaious. Emma stone played vey well as Gwen stacy. She wasn't this damsel in distess fo spide-man to continuously has to escue like in the oiginal tilogy. Like he ette than May jane. This movie also has a huge emotional impact. It's much moe Supeio then the othe supe-heo movies with thei emotional impact. Now the stoy does seems a little ushed and ecause of that. The plot is loose a it. Thats my only citicism of the movie eally. This movie also seems like a uild up to the siniste six movie and that eally the only eason why hino is thee and geen golin, ut its a eally geat uild done ight. Also what I appeciate in the movie they did focus moe on Pete and Aunt May. Thee is a huge connection etween the two. In the oiginal, she was hadly thee. Just thee to tell a lesson o a oing stoy that no one caes aout. By the way, the movie has a geat soundtack. Especially Electo's, its awesome. its called: Paanoia. Go look it up. I also head the 3D with this movie is awesome with this movie. Well thats what I head. I could go on foeve how AMAZING this movie is, ut I'm gonna stop hee. Go watch and I pomise it woth the time.joao1198pedro	6	May,,5,2014	The fist one wasnt good, ut this one supised me, i had no expectations fom that movie so i thought it was eally good, it has his issues ut its supising.travellyn	6	May,,4,2014	While this film is not teile thee is its of disappointment if you think you gonna see spidy punch electo as he did to d. Ock as in the old tiligy you wong how eve the stoy is inteesting and made the film a success enjoyale just not what spidy fans exspecteagleeyeviking	6	May,,4,2014	Too much chaactes and suplots amongst othe cons theaten to ovewhelm the movie ut the entie cast led y the talented Andew Gafield (and the visual effects team) once again saves the day.bfoore90	8	Dec,23,2014	Petty good movie oveall, can't eally see why alot of people didn't like it. Andew Gafield was amazing, no pun intended. Electo and the Golin wee also petty well done. The stoy was petty good ut was ultimately a victim of Sony tying to do too much with a 2 hou film.  Some of the oveall witing of the film was  as laughale and teile as Paul Giamatti's Russian accent. Giamatti's pefomance in this movie is almost down ight teile. I also felt thee was not alot of chaacte development fo Electo, who was pushed as the main villain in the film and y the time the film ended, he was second fiddle to Geen Golin.david1997	9	May,26,2014	I'm a huge spide man fan and I was in love this movie!!! est visually and entetaining spide man of all time ..this movie keeps a geat damatic dak humo vie and that's what I like aout this movie...they action scenes ae petty stunning to watch.. Jaime foxx looks like a adass as electo and  and Dan dehaan gives a evil pefomance as geen golin ut wish he couldn't een in the movie as geen golin moe .. ut all in all this was a geat movie .. and I'm looking fo to the next amazing spide man movieBertoflyingfox	2	Jul,19,2014	Ohhh Andy Gafield, the kitty cat acto. Watch him look left, watch him look ight....watch him nudge you hand with his wittle nooooose. What a ad movie, on all levels. Fom the ove-omanticized love angle that felt like some ulta-cheesy MTV affai, to the eally ad "villains". Thei motivations wee a joke, Geen Golin looked like a geiatic guy with gum disease, and Rhino....Oooooohhh that Rhino. I can't elieve I'm typing this, ut even Raimi's Spide-Man 3 was easie to watch. He at least had the oles filled out ette, Chis Coope as Noman Oson....LOL!!elsylorena	7	Aug,,9,2014	Esta película posee muy uenos efectos tanto sonoos como visuales, paa mi posee un uen guión, y aunque sus actuaciones no son las mejoes, la película te entetiene, y un final inespeado.generalsnorkel	8	May,,6,2014	This movie was a geat movie that eveyody should see. It is as adventuous as the fist, just ette. I think that the citics should have ated it much highe. It had so much action, so it  makes you ecome dawn to the movie. Thee was a huge line in font of the movie theate just ecause of Spide Man, and that shows that people got what they paid thei money fo. All you hates should stop hating this movie, it's geat. Thee was one majo polem, which dopped it fo a 10 to an 8. It didn't have enough emotion in the scenes except fo the last scene. I hope the next movie has moe emotions in the stoy.HintShade	9	May,,8,2014	People.. This is a comic fan's living emodiment of WHAT you want to see in a movie. It espects the loe pefectly, making it a smidge pedictale to the avid comic fan. What this film does as a esult though, is tease this ending pefectly.. The action sequences go to slow-mo occasionally to emphasize hits, and is so fee flowing in plot. As fo the agument of villains (People saying thee ae too many), you haven't seen the Toy MaGuie Spide-Man 3 film. The iggest flaw is I think many people confuse this with the game (Spoile Alet: Hastily made, Don't uy), ut the movie paces the stoy much ette. I'd see this multiple times. Tis a shame a lot of ovely hash citics ae gonna muddle a tuly mavelous nod to the comic neds of the wold..Jetset5	10	May,11,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 has an excellent stoy and geat action sequences that tie in with the omance and comedy. The movie is exciting and suspenseful, and you will neve get oed watching it. It's had to find movies with such a captivating and well developed stoy these days and this movie is definitely woth it. A lot of citics ae fa off on eviewing The Amazing Spide-Man 2 and as long as you have an open mind you will enjoy this mastepiece.nocobb3203	6	May,13,2014	I was hesitant to get into this seies afte the hoile fist tilogy. Howeve afte watching the 1st one I was intigued. They lost some of what made the 1st one good. Thee was too much focus on omance and it was done in a cheesy way. Some of the scenes seemed a little foced. They stayed fom the souce mateial a it with Electo and things ut it woked to an extent. I do elieve they choose the wong mech suit design fo the Rhino and was also hoping fo moe on sceen time of this chaacte. I eally like how they got moe into the witty and funny comments Spidey is known fo when dealing with ciminals. The visual effects wee also amazing. The stoy can dag in cetain pats when waiting fo the full on action seems which ae done well. All in all it was an okay movie. Not something I would ush out and uy ut when the pice dops it could e added to the collection. This wont e one of Mavel's top gossing films ut it wont e a om eithe just an aveage film they make money on and hopefully lean what to stay with and what to coect in the next one (i.e. mech suit).Rorshaque	5	May,13,2014	Coming fom a fan,  what this installment did to the Amazing Spide-man fanchise is only ing it down fo me. The film is ovely flawed and cowded, ut nonetheless entetaining. This film would've felt flat if not fo the amazing chemisty etween the actos, mostly the leads. Andew steps up his game in this one, they've eally got the casting spot on with Spide-man and Pete, and Emma is eally incedile and mesmeising as Gwen Stacy. The polems I have is that the plot feels foced at points, and Electo is not that stong of a chaacte, let alone a menacing villain. The action is top notch, the cast is spectacula, ut that's it. It's nothing moe than an entetaining piece of cinematogaphy. It won't leave you wanting to see it again.Oveall the film had geat potential, ut fell flat due to incompehensile and unnecessay plot elements and undedeveloped chaactes.xShaunaOH	7	Jun,,2,2014	We all know how popula supeheo movies have ecome. With successes like Chis Nolan’s Batman, and Mavels Avenges fanchise the a is set high. It’s ecome easy to e hype citical of all competitos, and the fan ase seems to e constantly divided on evey elease. So what good is a eview? At least 50% of you ae going to disagee with it anyway! But, I don’t eally cae ecause I have a lot to say and will not e silenced y Intenet tolls! So Amazing Spide-Man 2 came out on Fiday, I saw it Thusday at 10:05pm. Since then the Intenet has gone a little wild with oth hate and paise, and I must say I take the side of pleasue! I loved this movie, like a lot. I feel that it was not only a huge step aove the fist one ut also significantly ette than the X-Men movies (Fist Class excluded). It was a complex stoy, not in plot ut in chaacte development.The chemisty etween Gafield and Stone is so eal, oviously, and it makes the dynamic of Pete and Gwen deepe than it’s eve een efoe. People whine aout the use of Gwen Stacy ove May-Jane Watson, and I think that’s oscene. Gwen always has een and always will e Pete’s fist love and theefoe his deepe connection. This shows so passionately on sceen that it almost feels like an invasion on Gafield and Stone’s elationship! Not only ae they geat togethe, ut also sepaately. Both encompass thei chaactes so stongly that it often feels as if they aen’t even acting. But they aen’t the only two who mesh well. Sally Field’s adaptation of Aunt May is y fa my favoite, and she pulled out all the stops in this movie. Some of the most heateaking and iveting scenes ae the ones whee she is the cente of attention. Unfotunately though not all chaactes fit well. Yes, I am talking aout Dane DeHaan as Hay Oson. I pesonally feel they should have intoduced Hay in the fist film, as it felt ushed and fake. Hay and Pete ae est fiends, in evey adaptation, and in this movie it was slightly unelievale. This made fo stange and somewhat impesonal endings, if you catch my dift. As to the elief thee wee too many villains, I pose this thought: Bane, Catwoman, Talia & Ras Al’Ghul, Scaecow, and Dagget. All wee in The Dak Knight Rises and not a soul complained then! Not only that, ut I would not conside Rhino to have any moe of a pat in this movie than Scaecow did in TDKR. Was the Electo stoyline cool? Asolutely! In fact I wish thee was moe of that and less of the Geen Golin, ut as a comic fan I do undestand his place in the film. All in all I elieve this was a geat movie! Maye not in the same sense as Cap o Ion Man, ut in the sense that I was entetained and enthalled the entie time. I think this movie did exactly what it set out to do and that was to tell a Spide-Man stoy that meant something. Seeing chaactes adapted on sceen fom ooks that I’m passionate aout means a lot to me and maye that makes me iased o lind to issues, I don’t know. What I do know is that ShaunaOH gives Amazing Spide-Man 2 a 7.8/10!!joyalexandre	9	Jun,,3,2014	My gilfiend and I eally liked this movie. It was well paced and the chaacte wee eally inteesting. The villains could have een ette, ut I see no polem in that. If you liked the last one you'll like this one as well.bogdanfratila97	7	Jul,,7,2014	i cant say that i am not a Spide Man fanoy ut lets e honest , the fist movie was much ette than the second movie. Fist lets talk aout the good pats, Electo was eally ad ass in this movie and the action scenes was gogeous. I eally like the Easte Eggs in this movie , when i saw M Smite i was asking my self '' Okay they ing anothe villain in this movie". The acting was petty good and i eally enjoy the jokes. Ok ut than it comes The End, i am a vey ig fan of Geen Golin ut lets e seious taht the movie did not show the tue powe of the villain.Geen Golin its such a complex chaacte and you cant show hes hated and hes powe in just 5 minutes. Than it comes the Rhino which it haves 2 minutes .In my opinion The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is a eally petty good movie, the actions scenes ae vey good ut ae few ( in the pespective of Geen Golin and Rhino) and i eally ecomand this movie to eveyone who like mixed damatic action movies and who gown up with these wondeful chaactes.HISHEheb	9	Jul,,8,2014	the est spideman movie of all time, I think it had a Thee Villains, and the last time we saw spide-man movie with Thee Villains was Spide-man 3, ut this time it wokedydnar4	9	Aug,27,2014	The Amazing Spideman 2 was just as good as its pevious film in my opinion. Its got lots of action and it continues to caft a ette stoy thoughout which I felt that Mavel failed to do in the fist set of films. I see Andew Gafield as a ette Spideman than Toey Maguie. He continues to stuggle in alancing the two sides of his life until they collide and we get a massive twist in the end. Just anothe geat Mavel film. They ae eally on a ole ight now.DoctorW2016	10	Feb,14,2015	THIS MOVIE ROCKS! it shows that eing Spide-Man is not easy! how things can e difficult sometimes! how dea people to you can die sometimes! it's the est Spide-Man movie i saw since Spide-Man 2!MrMovieBuff	5	Mar,15,2015	'The Amazing Spide-Man 2' suffes fom the same issues that 'Spide-Man 3' (2007) suffeed fom...too many villains, too many suplots and a loated un time that doesn't seem to end. Didn't Sony lean fom thei fist mistake? Oviously not. If you ask me, appaently it took fou sceenwites to wite this movie...I et Sony secetly hied them as one wite without one of them knowing aout the othe. One sceenwite poaly wote that Electo is going to e the main villain, the othe poaly had the Rhino, and the last one may have had the Geen Golin in mind. They all went to Sony Studios and tied to sell thei scipts, ut when they found out aout each othe, thee may have een some kind of conflict. Whoeve is in chage of Sony poaly told them to calm down and said that they will use all of these ideas leaving diecto Mac We to juggle all of these stoies. Now, hee's the tuth, Sam Raimi's 'Spide-Man' (2002) and 'Spide-Man 2' (2004) ae asolutely uneatale to this day. I thought 'Spide-Man 3' (2007) was still good, ut I undestand why not many people liked it. I thought 'The Amazing Spide-Man' (2012) was just as unnecessay as most people thought as it was made just five yeas afte the last film and it was oviously Sony's attempt to etain the ights away fom Mavel. But honestly, I thought 'The Amazing Spide-Man' (2012) was good, not geat...ut it was ette than I expected, Andew Gafield and Emma Stone eally stole the show in that film. In hee, the actos still do a good jo managing with a su-pa scipt, and diecto Mac We ties to juggle as much as he can. Paul Giamatti is asolutely unecognizale as the Rhino, ut he is ciminally undeused, Jamie Foxx ecomes a comic elief as Electo, the main villain of the film. Dane DeHaan is a geat acto with a ight futue, ut his Hay Oson felt foced. Honestly, this movie ties to thow so much at you, you stuggle to keep up with it, it's like watching thee films at once o something. It jumps ack and fouth unevenly etween; Pete and Gwen, Pete finding out aout his paents, Aunt May (Sally Field) ecoming a nuse fo no eason, Spide-Man fighting Electo and Pete's fiendship with Hay. It's too long and thee's too much. Maye 'The Amazing Spide-Man 2' is not going to e ememeed as one of the most exciting films of 2014.m00nlightsh4d0w	10	Apr,23,2015	Just ead somewhee that people think this movie sucks and has had loads of ad eviews, WHY?!In my opinion this movie was the est spide-man movie eve made the actos all played it pefectly fom stat to finish, the diection, the special effects, the homage to the comics and eveything aout this film was class, I'm a fan of comic ooks and I can't undestand how anyone could ate the amazing movies coming out lately as ad, all I can think is that they ae sitting down looking fo something othe than a movie aout a comic ook chaacte, I've watched this movie 4 times and god damn it i'll watch it again when it's on tv, the wife loved it too, in fact eveyone I know who's watched it thought it was eithe eally good o amazing. 10,000 out of 10,000 :P Oh and if those citics have stopped us fom getting anothe one of these amazing films with thei snooty head up thei own utt idiocy I'm going to e vey disappointed.Cinemassacre94	4	Mar,20,2016	It takes something lackluste like The Amazing Spide-Man 2 to emind viewes why movies like Captain Ameica: The Winte Soldie ae consideed supeio. In the supeheo gene, it's too easy to ecome sloppy and fall ack on clichés. The fifth Spide-Man featue, which is the sequel to the unnecessay eoot, is all ove the place, an undecooked cinematic casseole that lends some genuinely touching moments and well-pesented action sequences with ad melodama, ovelong exposition, and oveexposed CGI. Thee ae too many negatives to keep the expeience fom eing the kind of giddy adenaline ush one hopes fo with a Big Summe Flick. Sitting though The Amazing Spide-Man 2, I had the feeling that sceenwites Alex Kutzman, Roeto Oci, and Jeff Pinkne and diecto Mac We wee thowing eveything they could think of at the audience to see what might stick. Thee ae some good moments in The Amazing Spide-Man 2, especially towad the end, ut the whole thing seems to have een assemled y filmmakes tone-deaf to what constitutes compelling cinema. Key elationships ae given shot shift. The cental villain (to the extent that thee is one) is all luste and no menace. The "esolution" to the mystey of Richad and May Pake is an anti-climax. Spide-Man is too oviously the poduct of compute gaphic atists as he swings aound New Yok (an oft-head complaint aout the weslinge fom ack in Sam Raimi's fist installment). And the 3-D ecalls the nadi of the technology. Fo a $3 suchage you can get luy images, washed out colos, and vey little "pop." A majoity of the movie focuses on events in and aound Oscop, the omnipesent New Yok City tech copoation that employs Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone), the platinum lond gilfiend of Pete Pake a.k.a. Spide-Man (Andew Gafield). Gwen is delightful ut the same can't e said of Pete, who comes acoss as a smat aleck. At least ealy in the poceedings, Pete isn't likale, although the sceenplay eventually humanizes him a it. Woied that his elationship with Gwen might e putting he life in dange, he eaks it off with he. Loving he means letting he go. As one might expect fom a eal-life couple, Andew Gafield and Emma Stone display some nicely modulated chemisty, although they neve quite match Toey Maguie and Kisten Dunst fo geneating spaks. And, while events conspie to knock some of the petulance out of this too-cocky intepetation of Pete Pake, Gafield neve completely loses the "too cool fo school" ai. Spide-Man's enemies ae an undewhelming lot. Dane DeHaan, who was effective in Chonicle, fails to find his footing hee. His tansfomation is moe inevitale than tagic and his Geen Golin comes acoss as a geneic homicidal comic ook ad guy. Electo is poaly aout 50% Jamie Foxx and 50% CGI and it doesn't help that Foxx seems to e channeling Richad Pyo fom Supeman 3. It's no stetch to say that the final 15 minutes saves The Amazing Spide-Man 2 fom eing a disaste. In oowing a stoyline fom the comics, it does so with the pope level of eveence without ecoming slavish. This segment of The Amazing Spide-Man 2 feels a little moe eal, a little moe unexpected, and little moe honest than what we have come to expect fom othewise y-the-numes supeheo movies. It gives meaning to an othewise scatteshot poduction that could have enefited fom a less spectacle and ette witing.GreyFox	9	May,11,2014	This is my favoite Spideman movie out of all the ones that have een made so fa! He neve was my favoite supeheo, ut this movie made him one of my favoites. I love Andew Gafield as Spideman and I love the message of this movie. I thought the fist amazing spideman with The Lizad as the villain was a tad slow, ut afte watching the sequel I feel oligated to watch the fist one again. So good!Smartacus	7	May,20,2014	The movie was petty good.  A nice divesion fo a few hous.  I found it a little slow at times even though thee wee a nume of villains involved thoughout. It changes the Spide-Man cannon a it if you ae into those types of things, if you ae, then you will not like the movie at all.Jacob	6	May,24,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is almost a good sequel. The film focuses on the dilemma of Pete Pake athe than excessive action, has a good cast with a good villain, and some fun action that isn’t excessive. Thee ae two things that hold this movie ack fom eing spectacula one of which isn’t the movies fault and that is maketing. The maketing fo this film made it seem igge than it eally was. Had the film just een advetised as Spide-Man fighting Electo I wouldn’t have expected too much out of it ut the maketing set the a too high with excessive tailes, giving away villains that play mino oles, having tailes featue scenes that out of context seem igge than they eally ae, and it doesn’t hut that the film’s catch phase was “His Geatest Battle Begins.” Howeve, upon a second viewing I’m e moe excepting of it and if you ae lucky you haven’t een exposed to the excessive maketing fo the film and don’t know anything which is how it should e. My second majo gipe is the ending, which feels ushed and sloppy in compaison the est of the film. Had the maketing not uilt this movie up so much, given stuff away, and misepesented the film y showing vaious scenes out of context and had the ending een ette witten this could have een a spectacula film just as good if not ette than the oiginal and could ival and/o supass the fist two films in Raimi’s vesion of the chaacte. As it is it’s a fun action film that is nowhee nea the disaste that Spide-Man 3 was. If you ae a fan of Spide-Man check this one out ut if you ae getting tied of Spidey this film won’t do much fo me. If you go to see it though lowe you expectations and don’t watch any tailes just know that its Pete Pake dealing with polems and fighting Electo and you’ll poaly e entetained outside of the ending. But if you’ve seen the excessive maketing pepae fo a majo disappointment.Mando44646	9	Aug,20,2014	This was yet anothe geat Spidey movie fom We and team. Gafield is fantastic as Spidey and  Stone is fantastic as Gwen. Villains and othe chaactes wee also done well. These continue to e much, much ette than the hoid Raimi tilogy of movies and anyone that claims diffeently does not know anything aout Spide Man's univese o chaacte.Orman	2	Jun,,8,2014	Well, usually I think films ae ette than what the citics ate them. In this case howeve, I think the citics gave this film too much cedit. Chemisty etween chaactes just did not seem to e thee. The dialog eminded me of the dialog of ealie Spideman films--a eun. The mass destuction of New Yok City is getting old.  If Jamie Fox wee cast to play Geen Golin, and Dane DeHaan to play Electo, this movie would have at least een moe inteesting.Tokyochuchu	7	Dec,,2,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 does amazing things thoughout it's un time, poviding adass cool attles and nice omantic moments in equal measue. The film is well on it's way to easily eing the est Spide-Man movie when it suddenly decides to summon the ghost of Spide-Man 3 and ties to cam aout 4 Spide-Movies into one. The ending is unelievaly wasteful, ushed and cass in it's sequel ating. Which ultimately knocks at least one point off the movie's scoe fo me. Shame.NonConformist	9	May,,7,2014	This movie has ecome one of my favouite supeheo movies of all time simply due to the fact that I was ale to identify myself with the chaactes and connect with them on such a pofound level. In the 2 hous that I was sitting thee, eyes glued to the sceen, I expeienced a myiad of emotions. My eyes might have even shed a few teas towads the end fo how geat it was. I love this eoot so much ette than the oiginal tilogy simply ecause it is not depessing as hell. You should definitely ignoe all the ahem "pofessional eviews" that have een sumitted ecause I honestly don't undestand whee this movie could have gone wong.kevtheobald	7	May,,9,2014	In some ways this is an impovement ove the fist Amazing Spide-Man, ut they made some odd choices. I think they found a geat acto fo Pete Pake. The SFX sometimes slide into video game style, which was a little distacting. It feels like a movie plus the stat of anothe. Electo was geat othe than how they made his ody fluid like a ghost one moment, ut when Spide-Man hits him he is solid. Thee some othe quiks, ut you get the point. If you ae looking fo a classic popcon flick that is not a gim heo movie, this is a solid choice. If you ae looking fo the geatest Mavel chaacte ased movie eve, this is not it.Kadeemluvmusic	4	Aug,,5,2014	It was amazing alight, ut not fo me. Don't get me wong, I love the fist Amazing Spide-Man. Sadly, what Mac We just did with #2 thew it all away. I saw the movie in IMAX 3-D and it came out as a wateshed deja vu of Spide-Man 3 all ove again. The good news is that the chemisty etween Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy woked incedily eautiful, and Sally Field as Aunt May is pefect. (Exta points fo Stan "The Man" Lee's cameo) Thee is one polem: The film is TOO DAMN LONG! Some ae good, the est fells flat in the face. The stoy doesn't feel any esemlance to Spide-Man unique oigins stoy and tun it into a 2 1/2 hou full of a disjointed action omp that's filled with plotholes and cheesey one-lines. I almost fogot that Electo's chaacte development is just the pola opposite of land and dull. Jamie Foxx's pefomance as the lightning-od villain/alte-ego Max Dillion is questionale. And Electo's CGI elements ae oveot. He always complains too much with this mess. The (almost) ending scene whee Gwen Stacy dies doesn't make any sense. It was supposed to e happily eve afte and now We scewed it up. In fact, he scewed the est of the fans (including, myself) and ty to alienate the eooted Spide-Man fanchise fom scatch. So much fo Spide-Man 4. Also, ealie this yea, I thought undeated newcome Shailene Woodley should've, would,ve and could've een a geat choice casting as fan-fave May Jane in #2, ut I seiously don't undestand why she was taken out of the pictue and add Gwen Stacy instead. She is a geat actess (although Divegent is vey decent) and saying that she's not petty enough might send the wong message and let this affoon of a diecto petended that it was some sot of a mistake. F**k you, Mac We. I was supised that all of the action is wasting too much time. Sue it might've een good, ut I fell asleep and needless to say, that is not how you make a gand entance to a supposedly amazing sequel, peiod. And whoeve told Paul Giamatti plays as a laughale villain named Rhino almost at the end and Spide-Man challenges him to a  one-on-one attle? That eally pisses me off. Movie's ove. Wait...what? A new clip showing Mystique kicking the living hell out of the govenment? Thanks a lot, Sony. I smell a lawsuit etween oth Sony and Fox ecause oth ae Mavel films (outside of Disney's intellectual espects), ut they have no usiness evealing the new tease fo Days of Futue Past. If they need to make a thid Amazing Spide-Man movie, they need to tone down the action a little along with Pete Pake's ongoing chemisty with Gwen, ty to add Geen Golin o May Jane and don't even ty to ush the chaactes into a walking ecycled douche, and keep the movie an hou and a half ecause I'm still eeling ight now and still angy. I would wite an angy lette to Sony and hopefully they should add the extended cut of the movie on Blu-Ray. Not this moment, ut poaly duing the Winte. When you see anothe supeheo movie going to add anothe sequel in a few yeas, something is wong. And that's why I have had enough of The Amazing Spide-Man 2. Top down in evey level, I should put this in the 10 Wost Supeheo Movie Sequels next time.DownByTheRiver	6	May,24,2014	NEW eview-ish afte putting off changing my eview I have to saw it's definitely deceased fom a 7 to a 6 and aely a 6 I could have made it a 5, ut some things saved it fom that. Afte thinking aout it fo a while thee wee moe stupid things that I have thought aout now. Needless to say now I'm faily disappointed in this movie and don't have much confidence fo it's futue and I'm a ig Spidey fan.BasilZero	9	Nov,30,2015	The sequel to the eoot of the Spide Man seies. This movie was nicely done and had a lot of memoale moments, cameos fom vaious spide man villains and also  a geat comination of special effects and uild up etween tensions of iconic chaactes known to the Mavel Univese.xunderwoodx	6	May,29,2014	This movie was a huge let down compaed to the fist. Rhino is falsely advetised just so you know. The action and chemisty etween Pete and Stacy is the est pats of the movie. The oveall stoy is all ove the place. If you'e inging a younge audience the action will e enough to entetain them ut fo someone who was looking fo a ette thought out stoy this movie does not delive.bleh910	1	May,19,2014	gaage. one of the wost supeheo movies yet and the wost spideman yet. yes wose than spideman 3. teile scipt, acting, and plot holes all ove the place. the wost and most insulting pat is ending the movie  mid fight exactly like the taile!!! what a joke!!! Who should see this movie? Anyone unde 12 might like it.Anyone olde stick to ette fanchise like mavels movies o x-men.bosconian87	8	Sep,,6,2014	I have just put myself though a maathon this week of the Amazing Spideman movies as I hadn't seen them, and whee I enjoyed the fist one, and acknowledge how solid it is, I also felt that it was unspectacula as well - a geat setup fo sue, ut it didn't eally take any isks, and suffeed fo it a little. With nume 2, its ovious that Diecto Mac We had to push the ante, y not only moving the stoy to what we will eventually see, ut also moving the stoy to its logical 'cliffhange' questions that will e answeed when The Amazing Spideman 3 and The Siniste Six aive on the ig sceen.  All this no dout was a heculean task, and sadly, We, didn't get it all quite ight.  But did he come close!! Let me get the citicisms out of the way fist: Electo isn't given the due sceentime to explain himself fully - if it was eally that had, why not just have him aive, and do a montage of events explaining his past and the moment of Electo's ceation?  I can accept that ultimately he's not the main event of the movie (I'll get to that), ut suely if you'e going to give a little, explain youself?  And then thee's the fact that we'e supposed to just accept that Pete Pake and Hay Oson ae good fiends, just like that, when it wasn't even oached-upon in the fist movie?  Okay, I'm nitpicking hee I know, and maye its a fault of the fist movie - ut hey, at least a little continuity please? So lets get to the good points - the elationship etween Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy is the main point of this whole movie, and wheeas such a move has failed in past supeheo movies, hee it soas.  It was enough to pass a lind eye to the faults I've mentioned aove, and actually ecognize, that this film is tying to do something diffeent.  And then thee's stiling suppot fom Dane DeHaan, who puts a wicked spin on a well-known villain to geat effect.  Its eally evident of eveyone in the movie, that fo all its faults, that it does wok so well.  And then thee's the special effects - someody has actually thought aout them, fo goodness sake!!  As a last point of good, having seen the deleted scenes on the Blu-Ray, Mac We left out a lot (including a cetain chaacte), and I say good to him - had he included them, this movie would not have een so effective, and if anything, any emotional investment would have een met with a ucket of cold wate. And thee you have it - watch this film and know that whilst its not pefect, and its a conduit fom an intoduction to something much igge, and you'll have a last.  Its vey good fo all its flaws, and not as ad as many would make you elieve.noco71	7	May,20,2014	This was an entetaining movie fom stat to finish. Dont look fo deepe meaning o ovecomplicated gandiose plot themes. A vast impovement on the fist movie. Electo was a geat villian when he got going. The geen golin was wasted a little and hino was just an aftethought. Also I am not usually a ig fan of 3D ut this was poaly the est use of 3D I have seen in a movie to date.mrmonster	10	Jun,15,2014	The est Spide-Man movie eve. Tust me, anyone who likes supeheoes will love this movie. It will keep you on the edge of you seat until the vey end. And ememe to watch the end cedits scene.LizLemon44	5	May,16,2014	I didn't think I'd like the fist Gafield-Spide-Man vesion, and was lown away. Similaly, I didn't expect to feel so disappointed y the next enty! Just too much, fo me. By the end of the film I was stuggling to find the humanity so well uilt in the fist one. It's not a 'ad' movie, ut I won't e seeing it again. I hope they eithe ypass a thid enty o hie a much ette team of wites to help We out. I know they can do ette than that!Sojum	3	Aug,,6,2014	I'll admit I wasn't a huge fan of the fist. I didn't undestand why a eoot, just 10 yeas afte the fist in Sam Raimi's tilogy, was needed. And with the oigin stoy told so closely to it's pedecesso I was undewhelmed, ut it had some entetainment value and quality stas. AS2 was just painful to watch. It stats out catoonish and silly and neve eally eaks fee of that. Maye they wee tying to put moe lightheated fun in the mix, ut I couldn't stop thinking of some of the late yeas atman films. Spidey senses ae not tingling...Tjackson31692	5	Sep,13,2014	I going to say I'm a huge spideman fan I got most of him comics ut the amazing spideman fanchice its cutting fo me. We’s The Amazing Spide-Man 2 thee’s a decent 90-minute movie. The polem is that, fo evey good moment, fantastic pefomance, and solid action scene, thee ae undedeveloped chaacte and stoy elements, questionale CGI, and tepid melodama. This causes the movie as a whole to come acoss as flat, dull eye candy, which neve does enough to diffeentiate itself fom eithe its pedecesso o Sam Raimi’s ealie sta at the fanchise. Not enough of what they ty to do woks, thee’s no thematic continuity, and you walk away feeling like the filmmakes neve decided what movie they wanted to show you. Andew Gafield poves once again that he was an excellent choice to play the new incanation of the we-slinge and his civilian alte ego Pete Pake. Chaming, eanest, and fun to watch, he emodies the duality of the chaacte, captuing oth the wisecacking teen, ut also caying the weight of his esponsiility and the aggage he stows unde all that spandex. People ae going to hate the constant ante with the ad guys, ut that’s a key pat of Spidey’s shtick, and to e honest, that’s always een the most annoying tait of the comics. As the lead he’s easily the est pat of the movie, ut still not enough to save the day. Playing opposite Gafield, Emma Stone is ack as Gwen Stacey. She, like he patne in cime, is geat to watch and it’s had not to love he at least a little it. It’s nice to see a female chaacte that is moe than just a supeheo’s gilfiend, a complication, o some dangling caot fo him to save. Ove the couse of the movie she does wind up in peil, ut this comes as a diect esult of the choices she makes of he own accod. In fact, she has a skill set and knowledge that, without, thee’s no way good could possily tiumph ove evil. Aside fom his oigins and the death of uncle Ben, the elationship etween Pete and Gwen is one of most iconic pieces of Spide-Man loe. Though thee ae a few too many will-they-won’t-they moments that take up valuale time, it’s nice to see that elationship endeed well, and Gafield and Stone have such a fantastic chemisty that it’s had not to e engaged in thei stoy. This is easily the high point, too ad the est of the movie is nothing ut medioce.python2000	5	May,22,2014	Mavel movies just don't inteest me anymoe. I have neve eally een a ig fan, ut at least ack efoe The Avenges they wee enjoyale to say the least. SPOILER ALERT: The villains suck. Electo is cap. He just whined and moaned aout how Spideman "lied to him" in half his scenes. He is the main villain and he is almost as weak as Sandman in the slightly wose Spide-Man 3, just fo the ecod. Rhino is also in the movie and appeaed in the taile just as much as the othe two villains, he is actually in the movie fo aout fou minutes. And it's in the last scene. And you don't even see him get defeated. I'm not a Mavel fanoy and have neve eally caed fo the oiginal comics and how close the movies wee to them. Howeve if I wee an annoying Mavel fanoy I would e pissed aout the misleading advetisement. Finally the thid villain The Geen Golin, one of the est things aout the Raimi Spide-Man movies, is actually petty cool, it's just a shame that he is only in the movie (as The Geen Golin not Hay Oson) fo ten minutes at the most. DeHaan is the est thing aout the movie, he always gas my attention no matte what movie he is in. The villains ae not the only polem with the chaactes though. All of the cast play messy chaactes, in a decent way, the only aove aveage pefomance is fom Dane DeHaan who is always stangely entetaining. The plot has potential to e vey inteesting, ut the amount of stuff going on at once is confusing and somehow quite oing. Maye it is even moe ovestuffed than the legenday Spide-Man 3. Also the tone of the movie is inconsistent. Sometimes it is gim and easonaly ealistic. Othes it is like a kids movie full of slapstick gags and lame pants jokes. Some things ae just downight idiculous, I mean Spideman is asically Supeman. He can petty much fly and use his wes to do anything. Like catch a police ca? Seiously? Thee is no mystey in this movie ecause it feels like the wites just wote in new things Spideman is capale of doing so he doesn't die. The Amazing Spideman 2 is poaly going to end up eing yet anothe supeheo movie fawned ove y fanoys fo the next couple of yeas, ut pesonally I won't othe watching it again. I quite like the twist (even if I didn't cae fo the chaactes involved much) towads the end, oveall the finished poduct met my expectations. A weak and pedictale supeheo movie with close to no edeeming featues.FleshWorld	1	May,10,2014	I think when you eview a movie like this you have to juxtapose it against the othe ig movies in the gene. And even set against the othe ig lockuste supeheo movies such as Capt. Ameica and Tho the amazing Spideman two is simply cap. The actos ae teile thee seems to e nothing at stake and aout a half hou afte I left the theate I had fogotten almost all of it.lox	5	May,,9,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 ings many impovements and flaws to the tale.  Despite adequate depth given to Hay Oson y Dane Dehaan, somehow the film managed to neve give me a genuine eason to cae aout his polems.  Max Dillon's tansition to the undeused Electo was ushed and undedeveloped, the stoy is needlessly loated and edundant in pats, Paul Giamatti's uttely wasted given two cameos and the ending was cheesy and stupid.  As an undestatement, TASM2 could've een MUCH MUCH ette...RedEagle24	10	May,11,2014	Just like Man of Steel, people ely too heavily on compaing it to the oiginal set of movies instead of looking at it on it's own like they should. This is a diffeent Pete Pake and Spide-Man than the Raimi vesions just like thei have een numeous incanations of Spide-Man in the comics.As fo the movie itself, It's wondeful. Agualy, the est pats of this movie is the elationship etween Pete and Gwen and his stuggle to not only e Spide-Man ut also his guilt ove eaking his pomise to Gwen's fathe, which is something that haunts him thoughout the entie film. Andew and Emma have some of the est chemisty you will EVER see in even the est omantic movies out thee. They ae pefect fo each othe so it makes you tuly cae and even undestand exactly what oth of them ae going though. Thei is so much emotional weight ehind evey action they take and it tuly leaves an impession on you as you leave the theate. Spide-Man is how he is most commonly potayed in the comics. He's fast talking, talks a lot of tash, and is quick and flashy and elies heavily on his we use. But he also displays his intelligence and even his detective skills. I also enjoyed that he doesn't always just leap staight into a fight. Sometimes he will ty to talk a villain down especially if it's someone he knows like Max(Electo) o Hay. Which ings me to villains. I will agee that Rhino is wasted in this movie. He's only at the vey eginning and the vey end fo aout 5 minutes and is only meant to set up upcoming pojects. Electo is the main focus and his ac is vey well handled. He's just a lonely electical enginee that wants nothing moe to e noticed y people. Gwen Stacy ememeing his name afte meeting him at Oscop was like a small miacle to him and it eally makes you sympathize with him ecause you can see just how much pain he is in.Hay's ac is also good fo the most pat. It gives him to ecome a villain without just ehashing pevious plots and in doing so, it makes him a fa diffeent Hay fom the Raimi films and like Max, his plight is vey undestandale. Sue he was only The Golin fo 20 minutes ut thee was no othe way to do this stoy. Oviously Sony wanted him in thee to not only uild up Oscop's ole ut to also set up futue pojects so We did the est that he could to give Hay an ac so he wasn't completely pointless. The action scenes ae also quite extaodinay. Evey single fight is memoale in it's own way whethe it's due to his tash talking, his pue noility in helping a little oy fight off ullies, o just the high enegy action. Thee ae some othe small su-plots thown in which people have called "ovecowding" ut that is idiculous. Othe than Pete's paents, any su-plot is just iefly exploed and even lead to some tuly touching moments etween Pete and Aunt May. All in all, I found vey little wong with this movie. It had eveything a Spide-Man movie should have and then some.Inlikeflynn	6	Jun,,6,2014	I have to e a little had with this one; ecause despite my enjoyment this movie has too many flaws... The acting was supe and the action is vey well shoot, the movie in geneal is vey well diected HOWEVER; thee is just a geneal lack of focus in the geneal movie, it's tying to had to squeeze evey inch of spide-man loe and stoy lines whee none ae needed esulting in an ove cowded movie that is just way too much fo it's own good... Again, in my opinion the movie is good... is just that it ecomes too much and the geneal level of quality suffes fo it...WalkingDead5640	9	May,23,2014	We slinging spectacula fun! I love this movie!  Ovewhelming exiting climax! Top notch adenaline spakling fun! Well cafted stoy and an anticipated uild up to lead into the next installment.  Geat chaactes and acting. This new take on Spide-man is something new and exiting to see what is coming next! It is vey ceative and fun. Electo, wheneve he spaked and caused destuction, it got me pumped just like the swinging scenes and the heoic scoe and can't foget aout the electo du step. Thee ae many illiant scenes, nomally involving Hay and Pete, Pete and Gwen o Electo/Max. I was not disappointed and can't wait fo The Amazing Spideman 3!Memburg	9	May,27,2014	In my opinion, this is almost the ultimate Spide-Man expeience. It has fantastic dama, emotion, the chaactes ae elateale, and the action is flawless. Electo is an amazing villain, ut doesn't steal the spotlight much fom the othe villain, Hay Oson. (We aen't mentioning Rhino) And, in my opinion it holds one of the est handled deaths in cinematic histoy. That moment in the film is pefectly paced, sulimely acted, and is most assuedly the highlight of this film. Fo any Spidey fan, this film is a must see. The only eal negative to it is that one o two things ae a little sloppy. Othe than that, this film is, undoutedly, amazing.Excaliberx	3	May,20,2014	This movie had nice special effects and an entetaining soundtack ut the stoy was lacking. It had seveal pats that didn't eally connect with each othe ut it eally apat with the ending; it was a pitiful and unnecessay, the death seved no pupose to the stoy othe than allowing spideman to continue on unhindeed.metalforbrainz1	8	May,22,2014	Why do so many people hate this movie? Honestly, the film doesn't deseve to e the lowest ated of all the films. Fo a stat, they don't ty to chaacteise 3 villains, thee's only eally 2. The action scenes ae feakin amazing (est one eing that fight etween spidey and electo in the cente of new yok), the plot is sweet and oveall, it's just awesome. It even has a sad homage to the comics at least (i think thats what it is, neve ead them). The only eal issues ae that thee's too much sappy omance and you only see Hay in the Golin costume like once. But it is a geat filmTheCatalyst1	9	Jun,,1,2014	This is a sequel to a Spide-Man fanchise done ight. Yes, thee ae multiple villains in this film and that may concen some people due to what happened with Spide-Man 3. Howeve, these villains ae fleshed out and to e fai, Rhino is moe of a cameo than anything. The diection of the stoy is compelling ecause the chaacte development is top notch. I cae aout the chaactes ecause they ae ealistic and elievale (apat fom the fantasy pat aout eing a supeheo o villain). I found myself caing fo the antagonists in the film. Jamie Foxx did an incedile jo on Max Dillon/Electo. He had a pesonality and a soul. Dane Dehaan supised me with his pefomance Hay Oson. I will admit, I was a it skeptical on his aility to make a geat Hay Oson. All the actos deliveed on thei pat. The stoy is a geat and well thought out plot. The film will take you an awesome and wild ide. The effects ae geat as well as the action sequences. I would say that the Geen Golin should have gotten moe exposition and sceen time, ut that is a mino complaint on an oveall geat plot. As a Spide-Man fan, this is a geat movie and fanchise as well. As a fellow movie love, geat plot, geat actos, mino flaws. I give it a solid 9/10. I look fowad to what is next with high expectations.DuckNation	5	May,15,2014	You know i thought we wee past these types of supeheo films ut i guess not. The Amazing Spide-Man 2 sends us ack the ealy to middle 2000's with LOADS of cony scenes also the film is iddled with cliche's almost to a point wee its uneaale. I actually waited in line to see this movie and man what a waste of time that was thinking aout it now. Ill e honest hee and say that i neve eally caed fo any of the Spide-Man movies othe then "Spide-Man" and that's ecause it had Willem Dafoe in it. The Amazing Spide-Man was a decent movie oveall though it was vey undewhelming ut The Amazing Spide-Man 2 is just a flat out disappointment. The iggest polem i have with the movie was the Pete Pake, Gwen Stacy stoy ac it was a majoity of the film. I undestand that it was need with how the stoy ends up playing out with Gwen dying ut seiously thee wee so many scenes with that BS that i stated to look away fom the sceen. Anothe ig polem i had with the movie was the CGI the opening ca chase scene with Spide-Man tying to catch all the plutonium was eyond cappy looking at that moment oth me and my fiend looked at each othe and shook ou heads with a Budget of 200-250 million the CGI should not have een a polem. Jamie Foxx as Electo was aveage i was expecting moe ut his chaacte was so land and cliched oh hey a lose guy in eal life that adoes a supe heo ends up getting powes of his own then tuns evil and despises his once idol. It's lazy witing like that which pisses me off how aout come up with something new oh no we cant have that now can we. I eally like Dane DeHaan so i was excited to see that he was going to e in this movie i knew that he was going to do a good Hay Oson again i was wong they made his chaacte into such a ich cy ay with daddy issues that whines if he doesn't get his way so i was disappointed with his ole. Oveall i give it a 5.5 The Amazing Spide-Man 2 sets up fo things to come in the Spide-Man univese athe then tying to make a gounded moe likale movie. I might give it anothe watch when its out on lu ay. Mac We, Roeto Oci, and Alex Kutzman staight F***ed this movie nothing moe to sayJack_Sunshine	6	May,25,2014	A polem with these new Spide-Man films is the sense that we’ve gone though all of this efoe. Sue, the sets and the actos ae diffeent, ut eveything is played out on sceen exactly the way it was ten yeas ago. With the open-ended conclusion of Spide-Man 3 still fesh in ou minds, this etelling of a stoy we’ve aleady head eminds us what the futue poaly holds fo supeheo movies; a seies of eoots with unsatisfying conclusions when the fanchise loses steam. Citicism aside, Hay’s ac hee is diffeent. He suffes fom a deilitating genetic disease, and the ange at Spide-Man is not due to the death of Noman Oson at the weslinge’s hands (this Hay hated the guy), ut ecause Spide-Man efuses to contiute his unique DNA to the poject. I am a James Fanco fan, ut the new guy (Dane DeHaan) gives a compelling pefomance. He’s geat as a touled ich kid, who’s just inheited the company and has to deal with the sneeing disappoval of his oad of diectos. His complete asence fom the fist film is a little jaing when he’s supposed to e one of Pete Pake’s oldest and deaest fiends: ‘Hey dude, it’s me, Hay, ememe? That guy who you haven’t seen in ten yeas? Rememe the good times? Yeah, the good times wee good, ween’t they uddy?’ Rememe that good old Fanco was thee fom the eginning. Hay does get one of the most satisfying moments in the film though – a illiant comeuppance (aleit tempoay) fo the coupt copoate executive who ousted him fom contol of Oscop. Hay’s set up as a villain, ut he’s one of the most sympathetic chaactes in the film, cetainly moe so than the main villain, Electo (Jamie Foxx). Electo stated life as a downtodden and intoveted technician at Oscop, who was given electical supepowes in a feak accident. Oscop’s definitely the place to stat hanging aound if you want something to give you supepowes. He teams up with Hay, whom he sees as a kinded spiit, I guess, and while it’s hugely satisfying to see him calling the shots fo once, afte all the toule eveyone’s een giving him, he does act a little ceepily in his spae time, and has a misguided sense of what the wold owes him. Foxx does well, although it’s not as compelling a pefomance as some of the highlights of his caee (Collateal, Miami Vice, Law Aiding Citizen, Django Unchained, he’s had quite a ide, and I haven’t seen all of his movies. It’s a shame I missed White House Down, ut I digess). To e honest, you can aely tell who’s playing the chaacte once the accident tuns him into a compute-geneated cloud of spaks. The final fight with Electo, amongst the tansfomes of a high-tech powe station massively ove-exploits the contast etween oange and lue which is used so often in film, especially in postes, to the extent that it’s ecome a cliché. Hee, they’e almost the only two colous on sceen. The soundtack duing this fight howeve, is eally inspied; a ock and dustep influenced scoe with a huge, satisfying powe chod echoing though the cinema evey time Electo destoys a tansfome. He even teases Spide-Man y using this musical aility to play The Itsy Bitsy Spide. While I’ve waxed aout how the ‘new’ Spide-Man is just like its pedecessos, I haven’t touched much on the diffeences. They’ve dawn fesh villains fom the existing ogues’ galley, so that all five Spide-Man films pitch the titula heo against a unique villain, the one exception eing Hay Oson’s golin. His appeaance immediately afte the fight with Electo does feel a little tacked on; Sam Raimi’s tilogy spead the Oson ac ove thee movies, with Hay’s vengeance uling in the ackgound fo quite some time. Andew Gafield is a moe self assued Spide-Man than Toey Maguie was, at least at fist. He appoaches cime fighting with a teenage’s light-heated humou, fequently impovising and dopping mid-fight wisecacks. Thee’s a geat moment when he disappeas fo a few moments and then lasts Electo out of the sky with a fieman’s hose – when the camea cuts to Spidey, he’s weaing a fieman’s helmet. Thee’s a lot going on in this film – in addition to eveything I’ve mentioned, thee’s a clock towe, an aandoned suway station, eels, a mental asylum complete with evil scientist, and one of those investigative walls of cazy whee keywods ae dawn on post-it notes and eveything is connected y lengths of ed sting. Thee’s also a omance in thee somewhee – Gwen Stacey (Emma Stone) and the dilemma of the pomise that Spide-Man made to he late fathe ae at the foefont of Pete Pake’s human dilemma. It’s got polems, ut this is mainly aggage associated with the supeheo/eoot/sequel wold the film inhaits. Teat it as a standalone piece of wok, and it’s still a decent film, and I fogive it eveything fo the diecto eing named Mac We. That’s got to e povidence.hierax	2	Sep,14,2014	Im eally disappointed y this Movie. Its 80% Teen omance, 10% Spideman stoytelling and 10% scenes of Spideman fighting the ad guys. Vey much lala aout thei feelings and the elationship of Pete to his gilfiend. It is clea they tied to get moe gils into this movie, ut fo guys just looking fo some action and supeheoes fighting evil villains, this is the wong movie. Sometimes i thought this is how people had felt when thei gilfiend foced them to go to watch twilight with them. The tailes told a cool stoy with epic fights against the Golin, Rhino and Electo. SPOILER : thee ae two good fights against Electo, ut Rhino and the Golin ae only shown at the end of the movie fo aout 5 minutes. The Golin got a shot fight of ~4min and then the Rhino comes in, just as cannonfodde, getting  eaten y spideman in aout 1minute. This is all action in this movie. One fight against electo in the middle of the movie, and then the final with Electo-Golin-Rhino. I cant ecommend this movie.aguywhoreviews	3	May,24,2014	OK this is sot of a ant and eview so ae with me. Amazing Spideman 2 is amazingly **** I liked all Spide man movies, yes even Spide man 3 I found somewhat enjoyale, efoe this one came out. So eing a HUGE Spide man fan, I was disappointed. This whole movie, it felt like no one ut Jamie Foxx gave a **** The pefomances felt stiff and land. The scoe is one of the wost I eve head. Especially Electo's theme, which is dustep. I don' hate dustep, I actually kinda like it, ut this is so land and geneic. Also, the tailes fo this movie spoiled eveything. Those saying this movie stays tuthful to the comics ae not ight. The only two common things ae the we singes, and Gwen Stacy. I'm not going any futhe as that is spoiling it, as if the taile hasn't done so aleady. Also hino is in the movie fo aound 10 minutes. Sony, you do ealize that some people came to the movie, just to see hino. And oh my god the end shot of the movie, is in the taile. I would say moe ut that is spoiles. This is the wost Spide man movie out thee.francisrgo	3	May,23,2014	The movie was just convoluted and all ove the place. The scipt should have only focused on one stoy ac and not ty to to add one plot afte anothe. The special effect was nothing spectacula. Oveall it lacked stoy development, dialogue was flawed and cinematogaphy was peplexing.Rallandollo	4	Jul,27,2014	Too tacky, ove the top and way too much use of special effects and slow motion with ad one lines and clichés. Too much is going on and the movie felt petty pointless yet quite entetaining. Vey "ameicanized" all ove. Gene could e: Adventue, Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Dama, Romance, Comedy. I'm not ovely satisfied with the movie.SQG_Slasher	3	Jun,,5,2014	In my opinion, no eoots of Spide-Man can compae to that of the oiginal Spide-Man tilogy with Toey Maguie. Sue, this film has its moments, ut I still don't like it.max1998	10	May,12,2014	Spide-Man is the iggest supeheo fanchise of all time and ecause of that it sells moe mechandise than any othe movie so we need to e giving moe money to these people who make entetainment ased of pop cultue fo us in ode to not only sell moe toys ut also to impove the economy in the name of consumeism.marcmyworks	5	Jun,25,2014	The amount of detail put into this film is incedile, whethe it e a simple photogaph of Gwen and Pete to the complex inticacy of the we-shootes. The daw ack is the ove satuated plot and clea mechandizing moments, as they ae a plenty. Pete Pake loves Gwen, ut is ton in his duties as Spide-Man, this poaly should eithe have een the eal focus of the film o it should have een aout the villain amy maste scheme. Both seem to e too much fo this one film to handle.fusion_13	5	May,25,2014	I was a vey undewhelmed y this movie, the stoy was kinda weid and half of the movie was aout Gwen and Petes elationship. Electo was done wong and wasn't that good a villian, he just didn't seem to intimidate unlike othe comic ook villians like Magneto, The Joke, Loki and Zod in thei espective movies. I had no polems with the Geen Golin ut The Rhino was just a mess, he was potayed wong and was slapped in the movie fo no eason and played no ole impotant to the stoy. But, the action scenes wee awesome and the humo was petty good too. Oveall it was an aveage movie and i wasn't a huge fan. 5/10rhaynes7	6	May,27,2014	I don't even know whee to egin with this. I love the elationship etween Gwen and Spide-Man, and I love to hate Andew Gafield, ut it's so had to dislike him when he's such a pesonale supeheo that saves a kid fom ullying. He's so good, ut he's so cocky, and it makes the mixed eactions fom the movie's city seem so convincing. Howeve, when he ties Spide-Man to hope, I just can't help ut oll my eyes. Then thee is Hay Oson who I just didn't like in this movie. His voice just gated in my ea, and his tun to evil should have een moe gadual. It may have een ette to have him slipping and then ecome the Geen Golin come next movie. Then thee is Electo, who is solely diven y need. His eginning is so cliche and he is so one dimension. He just wasn't nealy as epic as the du step theme he has. Most citics have mentioned this aleady, ut this movie does have some issues with going fom funny moments (which ae vey good) to moe emotional moments (which ae uined y the funny moments) I do like the twist that eveals that the adioactive spide only woked fo Pete cause of his dad's DNA eing implanted. I have mixed emotions aout the movie, and oveall it is skippale, ut at the same time, I wouldn't ecommend skipping it.Renwicke	7	Jun,,1,2014	I felt as though the the omance is what caied the film. The effects and action ae all on point ut the villains in this film wee petty weak. Gafield still is the est choice fo Pake/Spide-Man. he plays it ight. One of the est scenes in the film is the final scene.TimeOfTheChimps	5	Nov,22,2015	I've changed my mind aout this movie. The moe I watch it, the moe the flaws ecome appaent. Though Andew Gafield and Emma Stone's chemisty is amazing to watch, Pete mopes aound fo most of the film and even quits saving lives when a cetain event happens (which you see coming fom a mile away, ut it is petty good). The film's effects and CGI ae geat, ut they f*cked the Geen Golin up in a majo way, which is one of my ig gipes with this movie. Dane DeHaan is geat as the touled Hay Osone, ut once he tansfoms into the Golin... no. His posthetics look awful and his chaacteisation ecomes weak. Also, Pete doesn't give him his lood to cue him. What? This you est fiend, moon. He wants to take the isk, let him live. If you don't, he dies vey painful death. Such a selfish chaacte decision. The film also stats many plot theads ut neve finishes them, such as the suway scene whee Pete discoves something aout his fathe that I don't quite ememe. The whole scene is eally convenient and contived when you watch it. Pete's fathe died ut somehow had time to film this long video Pete finds. Huh? Rhino is intoduced ut doesn't do anything ut act stupid. He makes some cheesy one-lines and gets caught without it eing shown... ig whoop. Anothe complaint: in the final scene, Rhino opens his mechanical suit, with his face completely exposed. The cops have guns ut asolutely do not shoot him. Why? Because the plot calls fo it. Ugh. One positive aspect aout the villains and thei plots is that Electo is done quite nicely, vey simila to his Ultimate vesion. Jamie Foxx gives a eal sense of emotion and dead to this tagic villain, ut supise, I still have one complaint. Electo initially tusts Spide-Man and is his iggest fan, ut one shot of a ullet fom someone causes him to tun his ack on Spidey fo no good eason, even though he did asolutely nothing wong. Also, only Electo needed to e focused on; that would've een enough to satisfy the villain equiement. Rememe Willam Dafoe's Geen Golin? He says hello. Oveall, the film has some touching emotion and geat action scenes, ut the ovestuffing of villains and multiple plot theads that lead to nowhee eally huts the film's ig effot. You tied, Mac We, you eally did. Good effot my man.XBONE	10	May,23,2014	Wow,must wow.  Ande Gafield played the ole so incedily well and put Toy McGuie to shame.  Had the est time watching this movie, a must see.    .MagicManRAW	6	Jun,30,2014	I saw this a while ago.  It was way ette than the fist Amazing Spideman.  Some elements ae ette than the fist 4.  Some elements ae not.  I still hate it when eveyone knows each othe o ae closely elated in some way, even though they ae all on diffeent sides.  Electo is a decent chaacte, ut way to cliché and too easy to defeat.  I hated the ending and if this is the diection of the next film, I will e vey negative.  This movie does a decent jo following the fathe thead fom the fist movie, ut I did not cae fo it. This is entetaining and a decent action heo movie.  6 is a nice decent scoe fo it.  Not a movie you will fall in love with o ememeii_like_bl00d	9	May,12,2014	Honestly, I have no idea why this movie is getting ad eviews. The visuals ae geat, the villains (apat fom geen golin) ae geat and the movie genuinely supised me as to how close it stuck to the souce mateial. The only gipe I have in paticula is the fatal "I love you so much" syndome that just spells disaste and vitually tells you what happens halfway in. But oveall, it's the est spide man film I have eve seen.Gurolge	8	May,14,2014	Villains ae one dimensional; spideman's paents oigins plot is ielevant and foced into the scenaio. This movie ties too had to pepae you fo its sequel. As a supeheo movie this movie fails like Spideman 3 - due to simila easons (Ovecowded villains with no time spent on them; the whole movie looks like an advetisement fo Sony; the whole expeience seems ushed). Howeve unlike Spideman 3 this movie has something extaodinay - a heat. Emma Stone's and Andew Gafield's acting and chemisty is magnificent and this movie made feel fo them. Dama side of the movie affected me in a level that I have neve expeienced efoe. I guess this is mainly ecause of We. Also effects and action scenes wee cool. No othe supeheo movie affected me emotionally as much as this movie ut most people did not uy thei tickets to see a dama I guess so I undestand why thee ae negative eviews.Cherryxld	9	Nov,23,2014	The Amazing Spideman 2 es una película que da algunas sopesas confome avanza el film, a pate de que la película ofece una tama inteesante y cuiosa, que sin dudas fue mejo de lo que espeaa.chw	5	Apr,10,2015	The acting is teile in the movie. Jamie Foxx was a thee-time Osca nominee, I elieve, and he wasted his caee away in this. The othe actos as well, ut luckily, Emma Stone got away, and eventually got nominated fo Bidman. The acting was the iggest polem. Thee ae othes, such as plot, and how they have a villain in fo 90 minutes, anothe fo 10, and anothe fo 5. A teile way to get eady fo the Siniste Six.lkaliba	8	May,30,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 definitely has an unfocused naative and oveaundance of chaactes, ut edeems itself due to its stong pefomances and top-notch visuals effects.Usualeel	6	May,23,2014	A film that has multiple plot points fankensteined with excessive  fan-sevice that would make the Avenges fanchise lush. The acting is also mixed at est. Despite this, Amazing Spide-man entetains with it's chaactes and and exciting action sequences. (The electonic scoe y Hans Zimme is also a plus.)TJK22	5	May,20,2014	Fo the most pat I have to agee with the citics on this one. Sue the visual effects ae top notch, and Andew Gafield does play a convincing Spideman, But the stoy is vey stale. This feels like anothe asic supeheo movie with nothing to expand in the wold of Spideman. That and the  on-again off-again elationship etween Pete Pake and Gwen Stacy is vey confusing. Also would it kill this movie to just stick with one supe villain, I mean I love geen golin as much as the next guy ut intoducing him like 45 and minutes into the movie was a ad diectos choice. And having hino at the eginning and the and just gives us a hint fo the amazing Spideman thee. Oveall this was a vey confusing movie that the Spideman fanchise could've gone with out.TigrisVsLeo	8	Jun,20,2015	It gave me gooseumps at some moments when Spide-Man was we slinging. Thee ae some good pats in the movie that will make you laugh. The effects wee fantastic and the fight scenes wee geat!Meth-dude	3	Aug,16,2014	The acting was eally ad and thee was no action.The only good acto in the movie was Jamie Foxx and he was not at his est.Visually amazing,the movie just failed at eing good.ScribeHard	5	May,21,2014	Pete Pake has so much aggage – and it is aggage that dags – I don’t know how he has time to do his homewok, let alone fight cime, yet he does.  And when I ead the whopping 142-minute untime in advance of the film, I thought that was a little loated, ut it tuns out to e not enough fo eveything diecto Mac We wants to achieve.  I’m not suggesting the film should have een longe, I’m suggesting We should have tied to do moe with less instead of tying to do too much at all.diogomendes	6	Dec,28,2014	*POTENTIAL SPOILERS, IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MOVIE, PLEASE LOOK AWAY* This it, guys. One of the most contovesial movies of 2014, and the one that I was moe hyped fo: The Amazing Spide-Man 2. Let's e clea, I was immensely excited fo this supe-heo flick. I'm a Spide-Man fanatic, I simply idolize this lovale chaacte. I watched catoons when I was younge, I had toys (and I still have some ut I don't use them anymoe). I ead some comic ooks, my favoite one was always the Ultimate vesion. It was moe ealistic and it was dake, and that's why I found it to e petty enjoyale to ead. The new Spide-Man seies - Amazing Spide-Man - ae ased off of that vesion. "The Amazing Spide-Man" featued an appealingly dak tone, which I loved vey much. Some people said that the filmmakes "nolanised" the film, just ecause it's dak. That's just asud. So Nolan is the only peson who has legitimate eason to attach a dak atmosphee into a live-action movie? No, it's not a ip off of Batman tilogy, ecause while Batman fights cime without making jokes, Spide-Man in these new movies does the exact opposite. Anyways, the film was still petty good and allowed diecto Mac We to lean some techniques in filmmaking, since the guy has a small tack ecod (only 3 movies, if I'm not mistaken). Man, I was lown away y his diecting. Evey shot is handed caefully and he seems to undestand what the chaactes ae and what they'e going to e. That led to the success of the fist movie, and afte that, I was eally looking fowad to its sequel. Oh man, what a disappointment. Befoe I saw the film, I suscied to a YouTue channel named "SevenWeHeads", which pupose was to liteally give latest news aout the weslinge and othe cool stuff. With each video, I was getting hyped fo the film, and moe, and moe, and even moe... until I saw the movie with my fiend. Oh my god, I was thilled. The fist time I saw the film I was thilled and confused at the same time, and I'll explain why I was. Thilled, ecause the movie is awesome when it comes to action sequences and special effects. Confused, ecause the plot of "The Amazing Spide-Man 2" is ovestuffed with chaactes and stoy acs. Though I eally liked the film and I initially gave it a 9/10. I saw the scoe on Rotten Tomatoes wesite dop significantly, until it ecame a otten scoe and I was like shocked. I mean, eally? Then I saw the movie multiple times, until I ealized that the movie was not that good... unfotunately. Howeve, I don't think it's ad. My god, people eally like to jump on the andwagon and complain aout eveything. I mean, just ecause Spide-Man is not in Mavel Cinematic Univese (MCU) doesn't mean you have to automatically hate this installment and ash it. Some people say that it was teile. It wasn't teile, in my opinion. It was decent! Some many youtues like M. Repzion, Youmoviesucks.DOTog, and some othes hated it and nitpicked the movie to death. I don't judge them ecause they disliked the movie. I only ask: What is so wong aout this movie? Sue, the stoy could've een a lot ette, some chaactes wee just in the movie to... I don't know thei pupose seiously. If Black Cat was mentioned in the newspape (petty much like Jameson), that would've een geat and it would have spaed a chaacte. I mean, what Felicia Hady is doing in the film. Seiously? She's thee ecause... ah... ecause...... I don't know, seiously. I think they wanted to tease the upcoming installments, ut it was so unnecessay. With that eing said, yes, the movie has a lot of flaws and witing issues, ut thee's also some edeeming qualities attached to it like fo instance, the cast is phenomenal. Andew Gafield and Emma Stone ae so cute togethe, they have such geat chemisty, ut that's not only ecause they'e dating in eal life ut ecause these actos know how to pefom. In the scene when Gwen Stacy dies, Gafield gives such poweful pefomance in that scene, making me feel sad fo oth chaactes. And Chis Coope also has some sceen time has Noman Oson and I simply love Dane Dehaan in this movie. Anothe good thing aout this movie is Spide-Man himself. He's much moe confident with his ailities than he was in the fist movie, he now makes little quips (even if they wee unnecessay to the context of the scene) and he's even moe agile Now, the action. When I fist saw the movie, ight in the eginning of it, in the chase scene, I felt like I was watching the classic Spide-Man catoon and that was just awesome. Final Scoe to The Amazing Spide-Man 2: 6/10. This movie isn't half ad. Sue, thee's oveaundance of chaactes and suplots, too much poduct placement and a loated untime, ut oveall, it was petty enjoyale and even if the movie didn't fulfill you expectations, at least you have to give cedit fo Andew Gafield and Emma Stone pefomances.VictorAmericanG	10	May,20,2014	This movie its amazing! Gwen was so fantastic, Pete has a geat elaction ship whit he, and they exploed all the ways to show it, eally, was amazing.. I hope May Jane will e cool fo himLiebstrom	6	May,13,2014	Spectacula acting and good chemisty along with well plotted action scenes that ing Spide Man to life ae maed y cliches, painfully slow moments and a clutteed plot. Spide Man 2 is a geat film if you feel like action, ut thee ae huge gaps which will put you to sleep. While the film was a daunting task to put Hay Oson in the stoy as well as chaacte development fo Gwen Stacy, Max Dillon, and Aunt May, it could have een ette in a few espects.JokerProduction	7	May,13,2014	Special effects wee outstanding and the 3D IMAX expeience was well woth the exta money fo the ig action sequences. This film also e-ceated one of the most memoale scenes in comic ook histoy. In my opinion they did it justice, ut that is all I will say on the matte. The action was a it lacking, compaed to othe Spidey films. Thee was a lot moe talking than one would expect in this type of movie and thee was definitely aout a one hou lull of zeo action. But with all that taken into account, I enjoyed the movie as a fan of the comics and a lifelong "film uff". My little othe (11), also enjoyed the movie and seeing his face light up in amazement duing the opening scenes was well woth the pice of admission.Murdocdelrey	6	May,10,2014	I just saw The Amazing Spide Man 2, and it was what I expected, anothe Amazing Spide Man movie that is nowhee nea the quality of the Raimi films. I thought it was ok. It was a it ette than the fist Amazing Spide Man ut only just. I could whee the eviewes wee coming fom when they said that it was filled with efeences that wee only put in so that they could set up the plot fo The Siniste Six Movie. I think is what uined the ending a it fo me. I thought it had a stong scene towads the end which I won't spoil ut then afte that it was anothe 10 minutes and then it actually ended with spide man aout to defeat the hino, ut elieve me I ain't spoiling the ending y saying that. I should also add that Paul Giamatti was cap in this and I'm glad he was only in it fo aout fou minutes. Electo was petty undeused, if they had ased the film moe on him, I think it may have tuned out to e way moe enjoyale ut he ended up just eing a minion fo Hay Oson , who looks so stupid in the ief moments that he's Geen Golin in this. Oveall, a film that you can clealy see could have een a eally good installment in the fanchise ut is dagged down y Some teile jokes, plot set ups and the hino with machine guns. If you want to see a good Mavel movie ight, you have to see Winte Soldie. Hopefully it's still showing in you local cinema as it is way ette than this mess.igortoffoli	6	May,,6,2014	This is not a good movie, it is eally nice to see Spide-man ette than neve, the music is geat, ut it is not a eally good movie. If you enjoy what those happy movies, that you leave the movie theate smiling, you will enjoy this movie!AVTRlover	8	May,,7,2014	Pesonally, I thought this to e much moe inteesting than the eoot. It was aout neck and neck with the eoot oveall in my eyes, howeve. I pefeed the villains of Electo and Geen Golin moe than The Lizad of the eoot. I also thought that this potayal of Geen Golin was ette than that of the oiginal, even though in the comics, Noman is the Geen Golin and Hay is the New Golin which ae diffeent instead of Hay eing the Geen Golin.RafyeldeWyoming	9	May,,9,2014	I eally loved what Mac We is tying to do hee, the movie stated to get a dake tone vey ealy, showing scenes of Max all uned and suffeing, also the Hay Osone we saw hee, at least fo me was moe villain like than James Fanco's, Putting Rhyno in the movie was a complete waste of time, that was my only complain, it made the movie longe when it was not necessay. To close the deal with the dake tone was the last 20 minutes with the ceepy looks Golin and Gwen Stacy that aises my scoe fom a 7 to a 9, Comic fans will enjoyed how well put togethe that scene was.moviebuffmike	7	May,,9,2014	A vey solid popcon flick. It deals with the same polems I had with Spideman 3 ut, to a lesse extent. it is somewhat convultuted. They way pack WAY too much into this one movie ut, it's still a good one.jbp	10	May,12,2014	I avoided the taile efoe I saw this much needed eoot fom the Toey McGuie Spideman so that I could e as lown away duing the movie as possile.  It was well woth it.  Thee ae 3 essential easons why a eoot was necessay.  1. In the fist vesion, Pete Pake hadly eve used his scientific wit to do anything.  He didn't have to ceate we shootes, he didn't have to come up with any fomulas o do any expeiments - eveything was handed to him and he just muscled his way though.  In this installment he continually uses his mind.  2. Humo.  Toey McGuie was a cony ned; Andew Gafield is actually cool and funny.  3.  Spideman's powes.  People don't quite undestand that Spideman is one of, if not, the most poweful supeheo eve ceated.  Youtue "Spideman vs. Batman Death Battle" and you'll see why.  This installment does a good jo of captuing this.  With all this eing said, The Amazing Spide Man 2 deseves a top gade in my ook.  The amount of enemies ae necessay fo him 1. ecause Oscop is a villian making machine ecause of its yeas and yeas of cove ups and expeiments; 2. ecause only this amount of chaactes can convey the type of uden he has to cay in espect to the amount of powe he has.  Anothe awesome thing this stoy does is tie in Pete Pake's paents; something that has neve een done efoe.  This alone should make people extemely excited.  It gives Pete Pake a new sense of Destiny and Responsiility and plays well into his humanity.  The movie also conveys how well the main chaacte has ought into his esponsiility and how he hopes to impact the people of New Yok pesonally.  Each tun of the movie eveals something new aout Pete, his powes, Oscop, his elationship, his paents, etc - thee is neve a dull moment.  The vesion NAILS who Pete Pake/Spide Man is and eveything he is supposed to e.  As an avid Spide Man fan I give this movie a top ating.wordev	7	May,12,2014	The movie entetains, ut does end up all ove the place hadly any action, until the end moe a teenage omance film than a supeheo film, these new films ae missing something Raimi's did.Venomq7	5	May,15,2014	Yes, it was fun to watch, action sequences wee amazing and the pefomances y leading actos wee stong ut the polem lies in su-plots ovehaul that leads to lack of chaacte development.MarsRatings	4	May,16,2014	Don't get me wong the gaphics and the way editing technology has een used fo this movie is geat ut the movie JUST BORED ME. I know the views have een mostly positive ut the movie seemed to dag on fo too long, also the end scene with the hino fight I fought was the WORST CLIFFHANGER eve even though they show that scene in the taile I find that element misleading. The taile looked amazing so I went to go and watch the movie ut I was too disappointed and consideing leaving at many points of the film. I have to say this is the wost Spideman movie made so fa I think although this is MY OPINION. Many of my fiends have said they enjoyed it ut I just could not see why. I would not ecommend this movie a waste of time and money.cigarillored	5	May,16,2014	Can someone please pay-off Sony and get the ights ack to Mavel? Sony is killing Spidey, and I'm just deading the day I'm not even the slightest it inteested in the next Spideman movie, which is fast appoaching if Avi Aad has anything to do with it. Don't get me wong -- Andew Gafield is pefect. He was a geat choice. But let's give him ette mateial. This movie has thee villains, played y thee talented actos. And yet they all sucked. And wasn't the whole undelying point of this film just a ehash of the fist one? i.e. if some cazed psycho wants to kill you, you peppy gilfiend is not the ideal choice of sidekick. In fact, it's ette if he doesn't know aout he at all, don't you think?Incendid	6	May,17,2014	I eally didn't know what to think of this movie it was pooly edited, the villains wee camped in and the stoy stated out alight ut then was just ushed fo the latte pat of the film and i pedicted eveything in this film. But thee was some light, the acting, the only good pat of the movie, Gafield suited Spide-Man and played Pake well, Emma Stone was geat ut Paul Giamatti as Rhino, the wong decision, he was only on sceen fo a few minutes as hino and he eally did not suit the pat i was almost laughing just at how ove the top he was making the hino look, so i feel someone else would have ette suited the ole of Rhino. Anyway, moving along the foeshadowing seen in one scene late in the film evealed that we may see the siniste six in the next installment of the Amazing Spide-Man seies- i eally do hope they go along with this. Anyway on to the negative aspects of the film- the editing, hoile the film was so jumled it was making the editing fom Dead Man Down look good. Thee would e an action scene and then it would flick to an out of the place scene not seving any stoy o actually anything puposeful. And now the stoy- the most pedictale stoy eve, thee was no supises- NONE, i was oed when thee wasn't action and even then some action scenes wee just pooly witten. And now finally the extemely stange scene whee Spide-Man shoots a we which has a hand at the end of it, thee is some symolism hee (as he just aout to save someone and it is as if he is eaching out fo them, and lending his hand- stupid ecause Spide-Man is a supeheo, and i would expect this fom a supeheo)ut this scene is just pointless, stupid and actually a it emaassing and it eally did uin the movie fo me. To conclude the movie had limited ups and some good moments ut fo the most pat it was a pile of pedictale junk. 6/10SimonSays18	7	May,17,2014	The Amazing Spide-Man 2 offes plenty of impessive special effects and thilling action, and its leads ae as endeaing as eve, though an unnecessaily cowded plot keeps it fom consistently eaching the heights of its pedecesso.fernandosouz7	7	May,17,2014	This movie has the most eautiful special effects of all supe heos' movies eve. Howeve, the sceenplay ty to simplificate the wong things, like the villains' oigins; and they didn't sepaate the Spide man' pesonality fom Pete Pake', so we always see the spidy's pesonality even without the fantasy. Finally, the movie has a amazing appeaance ut a awful sceenplay (Andew Gafield and Emma Stone takes Pete and Gwen' elationship to a new level, a geat one).DCS	4	May,18,2014	I like Spide-Man, just not this one.  To open the movie with a villain amming and unning ove cas, which would cause death and destuction to thei dives, Ou "Heo"  cacks jokes and does vey little to actually stop the vehicle.  Aquick weing of the dive would have saved lives.  Howeve the diecto thought we needed EXCESSIVE comic elief.  The COMIC elief neve stops. The ody language of the "Heo" is just goofy.  I will neve get the image of the "Heo" walking aound out of my mind.  When he does all I can see is a CLOWN walking aound in swim fins.  Anothe point to e made is how to continuously make a kiss shaed y a couple, that is so in love, look awkwad.  They ae a couple in REAL LIFE, they know how to kiss.  By the end of the movie I just wanted him to go away and villainy to win.  I am sad fo Stan Lee and what Sony has done.  Be Stong Stan Lee, someone will save the image of Spide-Man and make him a elievale heo again.1234okthere	7	May,19,2014	Thee wee a lot of things that I eally liked aout the film, especially Gafield and Stone's chemisty and the impessive CGI effects. But the film eally lacked chaacte development, especially fo Hay Osone and Max Dillion/Electo. I also think that the plot was eally jumled and inconsistent, jumping fom a huge special effects infused showdown to a dialogue diven scene etween Gafield and Stone's chaactes. The film oveall does a lot ight, ut it is weighed down y some huge plot holes and incontinent changes in tone. But if you eally liked The Amazing Spide-Man o ae just a fan oveall, you'll definitely enjoy the film despite its flaws.silvershields	9	May,19,2014	It amazes me (pun not intended) how people claim the movie was oing and packed with too many chaactes. The action and dama made it fa fom oing. The chemisty etween Gafield and Stone was fantastic (it should e consideing thei eal-life omance, ut still...); to the people who disagee, you must not know what chemisty is etween a loving couple...pehaps you should ente into a elationship such as that, the witing was vey good (Electo's cliched villainous emaks aside, ut he IS a villain afte all), and the stoyline was stong. As fo ove-aundance of chaactes...how so? Spide-Man/Pete Pake? Necessay. Gwen Stacy? Necessay. Aunt May? Necessay. Hay Oson/Geen Golin? Necessay fo foeshadowing futue events. Electo? You have to pick a villain; he's as a good as any, and he's fesh. Rhino?  He was intended as a mino addition--if anyone is a tue comic fan, they know heoes often defeat a villain in a few panels at the eginning of an issue, only to face a moe dangeous villain thoughout the est of the issue. Noman? Asolutely necessay, ut he was (unfotunately) aely in the film. The Pakes? They futheed the plot. Felicia? She was not elevant, ut she was hadly detacting. The oad memes? They wee peipheal, ut elevant. If you look at the last Spide-Man movie, thee was Uncle Ben, Flash, Lizad, othe students. The oiginal Spide-Man had May Jane in Gwen's place and Betty Bant in Felicia's place. And thee was Jameson. How exactly was THAT not an ove-aundance? The eality is, the film was excellent--it instilled a sense of pathos (which any stoy MUST do) with the conclusion, and tuly wenched at my heat stings, even though I've ead the oiginal comics and knew what would happen. I would not have changed a thing except pehaps give Electo a few ette lines.superblablo	7	May,20,2014	This is an inteesting stoy with many new chaactes. The pefomances of the main chaactes wee actually good and you can feel the quemisty etween Pete and Gwen ut the movie fails in the way the stoy is told: it is too shot and the evil chaactes ae not descied as much as they should.theBJK	5	May,22,2014	You know what? I don't know what to say aout this movie, ecause it's not BAD, it's stange. Fist,i don't want to spoile anything, i'll just say that kids won't like this movie. It happens a thing eally taumatizing aout one of the main chaacte. Some of the kids went out the cinema afte that scene. And second, in the taile is a fake: some scenes of the taile aen't in the movie and that eally disappointed me. Also the villains aen't cool o ad at all. And thee ae a lot of mistakes in the stoyline. But the easons that made me hate this movie ae all the cliches like the geman mad scientist. Really, a geman mad scientist.LucasAmancio	5	May,23,2014	It is a visually eautiful film, ut only that. The film es in the choice of villains and thei motivations, which ae futile and nothing plausile. Hee is not seen the tue essence of the heo, and gives me the guaantee of a ette futue with Spide Man.Tall_But_Short	9	Jul,20,2012	Spide-Man 2 is some of the most fun I have had duing a movie. It is much moe than a comic ook movie and the chaacte development in this movie is just geat. I caed much moe fo the chaactes in this movie than Spide-Man (2002). The action sequences ae illiant in this movie, especially the tain attle etween ou fiendly-neighohood Spide-Man and Docto Octopus. May Jane is a foceful chaacte in this movie though and y that, I mean, we ae foced to like he as a chaacte. She wasn't nealy as chaming as Emma Stone was in The Amazing Spide-Man (2012) ut this still is and will e, at least fo a while i elieve, the fist movie which pops into my head when I think of "Spide-Man."Chris_DK	10	Jul,,8,2012	The pefect sequel and the est Spide-Man movie that has eve een made. The movie is just excellent and Alfed Molina is the geatest Spide-Man villain of all as he plays Docto Octopus.MovieLonely94	9	Nov,,7,2010	a geat follow-up to Spidemanlovemusic	10	May,12,2011	i loved this movie fom stat to finish.  it captued spide man in his fullest.  this was almost like the comic ook.   it was geat.   this movie was incedile.  the tain scene was unelievale.  this was way ette than spide man 3.  its the est spide man movie.   nea pefectReviewerMan44	10	Jul,,3,2011	Spide-man 2 is the pefect comic ook movie, quite possily the est eve made up until this time. It's a movie with chaacte, love, and life, and pio to what you might think it's not eally a movie aout killing ad guys at all...it's a eautiful love stoy. Wondeously acted, funny, witty, smat, it hits all the ight notes. Thee ae scenes in this movie that just make you smile with pue joy like, "I can't elieve they did that!" ut oh they do, fom Spide-man losing gip on his powes, to losing fiends and gaining enemies, to accepting the fact that he shouldn't e the we slinge any longe (*hint" the "ain dops  keep fallin' on my head" sequence was pefection). Eveything aout Spide-man 2 shows a flawed chaacte tying to live his own life. Toy Maguie's Pete Pake is a chaacte we can all elate to. Whethe he's stuggling with old demons fom the past, woking with love all the while dealing with ciminals on a daily asis, tying to make his own life y going to school and woking, and dealing with, quite possily, the most legenday and siniste Spide-man villain of all time. Anytime you think you've got it had take a step into this man's life and you'll witness had. The movie is sad, joyful, funny, loving, and full of life! It feels like a movie actually touched y human hands. It seems Sam Raimi's main focus was chaacte development, an excellent stoy, excellent pefomances, and chaacte. All which ae nailed all too pefectly. But this does not take away fom the action, which is eautifully shot, fantastically ceated, and pefectly executed. The action in this flick will keep you on the edge of you seat and keep you cheaing, it's a moden epic, and what a sue supe heo film should e all aout.BeK	10	Apr,19,2012	Afte a long eak, fom witing eviews fo movies, I've decided to stat out with Spide-Man 2. Spide-Man 2, the est in the seies. I've just finished seeing it, fo like the 3d time. Thee ae not a lot of movie sequel that impove the non-sequel vesion. Spide-Man 2 is definitely not in that categoy. Even though I was eally impessed aout Spide-Man ack in 2002, when it oke all ecods, Spide-Man 2 aise up to its level and in some aeas even supassed it. I'm not going to give you any spoiles on the movie, not eally my style. But I will say this, the stoy line, the chaactes aise up to thei full potential. It's not just action followed y moe action, its something moe, it impesses in evey aea of movies. Beathtaking moments, action packed fights, geat development in the stoy, eveything to make you see at least once...So, hope you enjoyed :) my pesonal opinion on 2004's Spide-Man 2. (10/10)StevenF	10	Sep,,2,2013	Sequels ae always common gound fo ig fanchise and supise hits in the film wold, ut they don’t always succeed, actos may not want to etun, dastic changes ae often made which hampes the success of the oiginal and they neve eally come up as stong, ut this is not the case whatsoeve with Spide-Man 2, a film which gets eveything ight, it has a eal stoy, an emotional jouney of self-esteem and the tests that face elationships and fiendship when people ae clouded y uncontollale age.Toey Maguie puts in much moe pesonal pefomance in his second outing as the now conflicted we slinge, unale to juggle his cime fighting alte-ego and his attempt at an odinay life of college and living alone. We see a wold aound him that doesn’t appeciate the pizza delivey man and the one ehind the mask, anded an outlaw as Spide-Man and a slacking student as Pete Pake, his had life eflects is supepowes too, which egin to fade in and out as his toules wosen. The film is a dak and pesonal stoy which is such a tiumph as the film goes along, we have anothe villain in the fom of D. Otto Octavius (Alfed Molina), a genius scientist who is attempting to ceate fee enegy, ut a disastous accident sends the man insane, now pusuing the peson he sees esponsile, Spide-Man.The film clevely exploes each avenue of polematic issues with having a dual lifestyle.Pete sees eveyone he loves difting away fom him, we see a touching pefomance fom Rosemay Hais playing Aunt May, a stuon woman who fends fo heself, and we see a diffeent side to the woman when Pete eveals the tuth aout the tagic death of Uncle Ben in the fist film, the continuity continues to flow thoughout the film, calling ack pevious plots helps stay involved. We also have one of the most visually spectacula films to date, with vaious scenes including stopping a tain, catapulting fom one uilding to the next and a vey explosive finale that hits the ight uttons each and evey tun, with excellent scenes that leave you in awe, that is sue to leave eveyone satisfied.One of the est sequels eve made, and cetainly one of the est supeheo films to date, it is had-hitting, pesonal, eautiful and vey chaacte-diven that it woks as oth an action epic and a damatic stoy, the supeheo film that has always een desied.TheQuietGamer	9	Mar,,9,2011	Aside fom some dama and the fact that they made Docto Octopus look lame this was an awesome movie, geat special effects, awesome action, and geat humo made this one of the est comic ook ased movies I've seen, if you a Spide-Man fan you'll love this movie.jos95	9	Sep,17,2011	This is even ette than the oiginal! The acting is still up to scatch, the visual effects ae much impoved and it has a deep emotional focus that neve goes insipid at any point. Alfed Molina as Doc Ock HAS to e one of the geatest villains of all time. It's less cheesy than the fist, ut that doesn't mean it's not cheesy at all. Still, nonetheless, this and The Dak Knight ae the est supeheo sequels of all time.hoops2448	9	Nov,10,2011	Spide-Man 2 and Sam Raimi take the video game appoach to sequels and I say this in the est possile way. All he eally does is take what he did so well in the fist one and uild on it, with a snazzy new villain (played to pefection y Alfed Molina), sutle pogession of the main chaactes and oveall a stoy that is aout as fun (if not moe so) as the fist film. Its a geat popcon film with some thilling set pieces (especially the segments involving the tain). It isn't timeless (I don't know a supeheo movie that is) ut its geat, eally geat. Pete Pakes jouney seems ealistic in its pogession (given the whole adioactive spide of it all) with the elationships etween the chaactes eing the main daw of the film despite the illiant action. The dynamic etween Pete and May Jane (Kisten Dunst) o Pete and his aunt ae engaging with the latte inging some seious emotions out that had een stoed up since the fist film. Its a geat next step in a stoy I think will only get ette.........oh wait its Eddie Bock.Zilcell	10	May,11,2012	The est way to descie this Spide-Man: Moe action and moe fleshed-out chaactes. Doc Ock was a geat choice fo the villain and Toey Maguie is geat hee.survivorfan989	8	Jul,,1,2013	A geat sequel that follows on closely afte the events of the fist film. It's just as fast-paced and entetaining, and with the majoity of the main playes ack fo ound two any fans of the fist film will enjoy this one. Any of the Spide-Man films ae cetainly one of my favouites when it comes to Supeheo movies, and this is no exception as its nothing ut a joy to watch. I think the thid and final chapte in this tilogy fell a little, ut the sequel is a quality Action film MovieGuys	10	Sep,20,2013	Raely does a sequel come along that it ette than the aleady-geat fist movie, with moe action and a ette stoy. But scew movie logic, Spide-Man 2 does it anyway.diogomendes	10	Dec,28,2014	What can e said aout "Spide-Man 2" that hasn't een said yet? Well, opss! It has aleady een said: It's the est Spide-Man movie to date. Eveything fom the deeply emotional elationship etween Pete and Aunt May to the mind-lowing action is a delight watching. Full eview soon. :DERG1008	8	Aug,23,2010	Second Spidey film, man uilds exta ams, get out of contol, ecomes evil, Spideman loses his powes & his gil, can he get them ack?Bigge in eveyway than the vey entetaining fist & maye a it too much CGI athe than stoy. Howeve, still a vey good watch. Toey Maguie is pefect in the ole as is the vey unde-ated J.K Simmons (I love him in Juno).Sot of on pa with the fist ut fo diffeent easons.Jacob	8	May,,3,2014	While Spide-Man 2 is plagued y simila issues of the fist one (pimaily some cheesy dialogue and acting) this film is a significant impovement ove the fist one. It has the same likeale chaactes (with actos fa moe comfotale in thei oles) and sense of the fun the fist one has ut also has much moe meat. The stoy is fa moe inteesting and engaging this time aound and the pesentation is well done as well. The villain could have een ette integated into the film ut as it is its down ok and eveything else is eally good. Additionally, the villain is much ette. Oveall, this is a eally good film. Fans of the fist one should definitely check it out as they ae going to e in fo a good time as the film is anothe geat installment in the fanchise. Nonfans of the fist one should check out two, especially if you thought the fist one lacked any sustance. This is one of the est supeheo films to come out of Mavel (even ten yeas late) and is definitely woth you time.aznassassin	9	Jun,14,2013	Emotionally and cinematically illiant that supasses the oiginal in eveyway and even the eooted Gafield-Spidey. One of my favouite supeheo films of all time alongside Dak Knight Rises, Ion Man 3 and The Avenges.btzneb92	9	Aug,12,2012	The most humane and one of the est supeheo movies to eve e made. The movie succeeds to e a well-made chaacte stoy on the pesonal tials of a supeheo, laced with emakale action sequences.SuperheroMovies	10	Aug,,5,2013	This film goes fa eyond just a supeheo movie, in fact, it can e called a movie teasue. Spide-Man 2 impoves temendously ove its pedecesso with a stoyline that immeses the audience on a deep emotional level, supplies plenty of good humo, and ings a fan favoite villain to life in an exciting fashion. Not only is Spide-Man 2 the pefect supeheo movie, ut it's also the set standad on how a geat movie should e made in the fist place. This also happens to e my favoite supeheo movie, and one of my favoite movies of all time, with an entetainment value fo ages to come.epicdude12302	10	Apr,,9,2014	This was a geat movie and my second favoite Mavel movie next to Ion Man! This was the only Mavel movie I've eve seen whee I've actually liked the ending! I can't say anymoe than that without spoiling something so Nuff' said!black04031965	10	May,27,2014	Easily the geatest Spide-Man movie eve ceated in the histoy of eve. Seiously, go see this movie. Eveything aout this movie is asolutely pefect, I cannot imagine a geate supeheo movie. A comination of an all-sta cast, pefect acting, and action scenes that will ock you socks make this the geatest supe-heo eve made, and the geatest supeheo movie that will eve e made. Except fo maye X-Men: Days of Futue Past, which lows this movie ight out of the wate. Seiously, go see X-Men: Days of Futue Past. It is liteally a pefect movie.PeterParker	10	Nov,,8,2014	One of the est supeheo movies eve and the est Spide-Man movies eve,with one of the est villains eve: Otto Octavius alias Docto Octopus.An epic movie.Cinemassacre94	9	Mar,20,2016	Afte SPIDER-MAN hit theates in the summe of 2002, and aked in ove $800 million woldwide, a sequel was a no-aine, and only two yeas late, SPIDER-MAN 2 hit theates. At one point, it looked like Toey Maguie, who aleady seemed to e tiing of the typecasting linked to the pat, wasn’t going to etun to play Spide-Man, and Jake Gyllenhaal was actually waiting in the wings in case he called it quits. Of couse, a huge paycheck lued Toey ack to the pat, and the esult was a film that was univesally acclaimed y audiences, fans, and citics alike.Eight yeas late, how does SPIDER-MAN 2 hold up? Extemely well, and it stands as one of the top-tie supeheo movies to eve hit the ig-sceen, compaing favoaly with the late IRON-MAN, and even THE AVENGERS, although I’d put it a notch elow BATMAN BEGINS/ THE DARK KNIGHT, and the geat, unsung- X-MEN: FIRST CLASS (not to mention X2). The eason the film woks as well as it does is mostly due to diecto Sam Raimi’s continued focus on Pete Pake’s inne tumoil. Woking fom a geat scipt y Alvin Sagent (among othes), SPIDER-MAN 2 opens with Pake, now a few yeas into eing SPIDER-MAN, having ushed off his est fiend Hay (due to his lingeing guilt ove his pat in his fathe Noman/Geen Golin’s death, and the fact that Hay flies into a nea-homicidal age evey time he heas the name Spide-Man), and avoided May-Jane. Now, Pete’s living in a disgusting one-oom flat, eking out a meage living as a pizza delivey oy, while continuing his studies. Once he leans May-Jane is now engaged to J. Jonah Jameson’s petty oy son, he goes off the ails- eventually quitting his supeheo duties altogethe, to pusue May-Jane. Of couse, this is called SPIDER-MAN 2, and not PETER PARKER 2, so efoe long he dons his tights once again to fight the iconic Doc Ock, an unfotunate scientist who, afte an accident, has metal ams molded to his ack- and quickly goes nuts. Raimi alances the spectacle (with the climactic tain sequence eing a standout) and the dake, moe emotional pats of the film eautifully, although- if one looks, the seeds of SPIDER-MAN 3’s idiocy ae planted hee, with a too jokey montage set to “Raindops Keep Fallin’ On My Head” demonstating Pake’s new-found feedom (complete with a feeze-fame we all thought was funny in 2004, ut now suggests exactly the oute we’d e going down a few yeas hence). Maguie, despite almost quitting the pat, gives a solid pefomance, although I feel that his dedication to the pat was aleady weaing thin y this, with his physique noticealy less impessive than it was in the fist film, and the tend towads self-paody aleady taking hold. Still, he’s good enough that noody who saw this in its initial elease had any complaints. Following Willem Dafoe is no easy task, ut Alfed Molina is up to it with his nuanced, tagic pefomance as Doc Ock. Even moe sympathetic than Noman Oson, Ock stats off as a nice-enough guy, ut inadvetently causing his wife’s demise (not to mention getting giant ootic ams welded to his ack) - he goes a little “funny in the head”. It all comes togethe in a nicely tagic conclusion. No Chad Koge this time, and the pop ock takes a ack-seat to Danny Elfman’s scoe- which plays vey much like a etead of the fist film. That said, numeous epots suggest that Elfman and Raimi had a majo falling out ove the poject, and Elfman, who used to e Raimi’s go-to guy has neve woked with him again. Rumo has it lage chunks of his scoe wee dopped and eplaced. A sad end to a geat collaoation- as Elfman’s scoe to DARKMAN (not to mention his theme fo ARMY OF DARKNESS) is illiant. SPIDER-MAN 2 didn’t quite measue up to the fist film financially, ut it did almost as well, gossing $373 million domestically, and anothe $375 million intenationally, fo anothe mammoth woldwide total of $783 million. It also faed much ette than the fist film citically, and fo a time was consideed the finest supeheo film eve made.LiamS.	6	Jul,,9,2004	 This movie has good elements and awful elements. The good: Alfed Molina. He is a wondeful villain in evey espect as Doc Ock. Leaps and ounds (if you padon the expession) ette than Willem Dafoe fom the fist film. Molina saves the pictue - he is a complex chaacte, totued and nole at the same time. A wondeful pefomance. The ad: the hoile, foced inteplay etween May Jane and Pete. The lines ae teile and the actos (Dunst and Maguie) need ain tansplants. The lines wee idiculous and unelievale. In this espect, I agee with some of the othe eviewes on this suject. I ealize that the omantic suplot is necessay to ensnae the teen gils who see this film, ut seiously now. At least the stoyline needs to e ealistic. (And don't even get me stated on the ugly pefomance given y James Fanco. James: go to acting school. Please!)Amiee	8	Jul,,1,2004	 Geat movie. If you ae looking fo just anothe action no chaacte development movie this is not fo you. This is actually a film not just a movie.RachelK.	9	Jul,21,2004	 Bette than the oiginal.RosB.	8	Jul,,2,2004	 This movie is woth seeing. I ecommend you sit close, and see it on a ig sceen. Hee ae the flaws: 1) Danny Elfman's Scoe sounds too much like diet Batman. His main theme could have een much stonge. Those violin uns ae geat though, vey spidey. 2) The movie is ove-lit. It looks plasticky and that sucks. I wish it had moe git. It sometimes looks like a magazine shoot. 3) Maguie could have had some one-lines, his chaacte seems constantly stessed out. How aout some levity? 4)I wanted moe at the end! But that's a good thing. Hopefully nume 3 will involve oute space and venom (that would e cool). See this movie though, it's petty fun all aound.AlwYzzle	6	Jul,,2,2004	 The Fist One was ette than this load of self-indulgment of special effects. I give it this ating mostly to the cheesiness (and thats the geneic cheese) the diecto added into this movie, such as the "cowd sufing" scene of Spideman, and the how the hands of DOC OCT wee given pesonalities. Watch it again and tell me i'm not telling the TRUTH. Cut it when it needs to e cut!LewisB.	10	May,,3,2007	 Spide-Man 3 is the Lawence Of Aaia of the supeheo movies wold. It is epic, spawling, magnificent, meaningful, eautiful. Anyone who doesn't enjoy this movie must e a petty spoilt at o a cynical old misey. Fo nea on thee hous it envelops you in its wold and makes you CARE aout the chaactes. How's that fo a special effects laden lockuste, a movie with chaactes that matte? The comedy woks, the emotion woks, the action woks. Eveything Raimi ties comes off. The set pieces ae paticulaly astounding, anging fom an out of contol cane to Spidey's numeous attles with the meaty villains on show. Like othes, I think this is y fa the est of the thee (though I loved the fist two as well). It's a moden-day classic, an enaptuing fantasy that exhiits all that's est in moden movie making. An expeience not to e missed.JoeD.	10	May,,3,2007	 This film is a mastepiece. If you don't elieve it, ask these citics and IMDB fans alike. The division is what ceates illiance. Heck, thee was even division among Boy and Bael, and even among Queen. This film is cetainly ette than the fist two (with Bael eing like "Cash" the lite vesion), and is on a pa with Queen. This film is a mastepiece. Just go ask IMDB fans.IlzeS.	8	Dec,18,2004	 Petty movie, But I liked pat one much ette than this one.Toy McGuie& Kisten Dunst was so geat. Will e expecting new pat!G.M.D.K.	6	Dec,,3,2004	 This movie shouldnt e called "spideman 2", it should e called "the unfotunate life of Pete Pake".RyanF.	8	Jun,30,2004	 It's an entetaining flick. Geat action sequences and touchy damatic scenes. The stoy is intact and consistent. Howeve, the pefomances of the actos ae still a little shaky and thee ae loads of continuity polems. BUT, it's still an entetaining film that is woth you money.KerenS.	6	Jul,28,2004	 wong, wong, wong.. this was not a good second movie. i was vey disappointed. i felt like a e-hash of no 1 the only good patd whees hay oson and doc oc. this film was moe like the hulk the a good second spide man. i mean how many time can spideman e unmasked in one film not inpessed at all.. to mush spide man vs pete pake, not enough spide man vs octupus...not impessed. ZulumE.	8	Aug,27,2004	 It has alot of aciton ut the fist movie was ette.PrestonF.	6	Jul,11,2004	 Supisingly lame special effects, and an equally lame and pedictale plot all conspie against Spidey. bfoore90	10	May,16,2015	Afte 11 yeas, it still hasn't lost its luste. Spide-Man 2 is quite possily the geatest adaption of Spide-Man eve made in the cinemas. Spide-Man tanscended the oundaies of most moden comic ook movies of at the time, hee we see a vay conflicted heo ehind the mask with actual emotion and eason instead of cookie cutte cap we see in comic ook movies. Taking place 2 yeas afte the fist one, we see Spide-Man/Pete Pake going to school full time, while woking 3 jos to pay off his ent, and he is a heo always on call wheneve the adio calls. Not to mention, we see the emotional toll that has een taken on him, his only suviving family meme, his Aunt May. We also see Noman Osons death take a toll on Hay Osone while MJ is suffeing fom conflicting emotions and feelings heself. Thee is so much good aout Spide-Man 2, it was hands down one of est movie of the seies.JohnKristofer	8	Dec,22,2014	Fom Geat Powe Comes With Geat Responsiility! Is the moal of the movie.Pete Pake is stuggling with his nomal life and  his powes,this movie is not just a supeheo flick ut also give us the sense of how had is it to e a supeheo,in nomal life you'll e facing many polems like love life,fiends,Jos and many Moe if eing a supeheo well you will e dealing with villains.Spide-Man 2 is well witten and well diected ut sometimes it's goofy ut the goofiness of the movie make it moe appealing unlike the sequel of the new eoot that looks like a video game.Spide-Man 2 is the est spide-man movie so fa.gameguardian21	9	Mar,10,2016	A sequel that tuns out to e ette than the fist, spide man 2 is moe emotional, conflicted, and tells us how that spide man stuggles with his powes.Futuredirector	9	Mar,21,2016	Spideman 2 is fast, action-packed and as full of heat as the fist, continuing pefectly with its pedecesso, with his geat plot, awesome stoy-telling and unfogettale chaactes to make this film a fantastic sequel.ReelViews94	9	Mar,23,2016	The pleasue is douled in “Spide-Man 2.” Cackejack entetainment fom stat to finish, this ousing yan aout a eluctant supeheo and his equally conflicted fiends and enemies impoves in evey way on its pedecesso and is agualy aout as good a live-action pictue as anyone’s eve made using comicook chaactes. In one of those occasional examples of sequelmakes setting thei sights highe the second time aound and mostly hitting the mak, diecto Sam Raimi, poduces Laua Ziskin and Avi Aad & Co., athe than equating igge with ette, have conscientiously applied themselves to impoving all aspects of the fanchise. Conspicuously, the action sequences ae moe exciting, the visual effects — paticulaly Spide-Man’s swings though the canyons of Manhattan — ae fa moe natual and compelling and even Danny Elfman’s scoe is impoved. Most impotantly, howeve, the scipt povides a depth and damatic alance quite ae in this sot of fae. Alvin Sagent, a distinguished vet sceenwite est known fo such estimale chaacte-diven fae as “Pape Moon,” “Julia,” “Odinay People” and “Unfaithful,” did uncedited ewites on the fist “Spide-Man.” Hee, woking fom a stoy devised y Alfed Gough, Miles Milla and Michael Chaon, he makes at least five chaactes into totued souls with momentous decisions to make and places them all in a naative fame within which the elated elements ae adoitly popotioned. Result is an oject lesson in how, even fo this sot of fae, the scipt can vey much e the thing. Unlike the last ound of “Batman” films, which got sillie with each installment, “Spide-Man” is on the upswing, an impession fosteed even y the opening cedits, which esemle the comicook style of those in the oiginal ut incopoate aesting endeings of key scenes to ecapitulate the fist pictue’s stoy. At the outset, Spide-Man is on a sot of hiatus, taking a ack seat to the umling effots of Pete Pake (Toey Maguie) to juggle his studies at Columia with pat-time gigs taking pictues fo the taloid Daily Bugle and deliveing pizzas on a stict schedule, which even Spidey’s est we-swinging can’t manage successfully. Opening section quickly pulls the viewe close to Pete y sympathetically and amusingly detailing the difficulties of his stuggle to make ends meet in a tough city. He’s constantly eminded of his inexpessile feelings fo May Jane (Kisten Dunst), whose face on a pefume campaign is plasteed all ove the city and who’s enjoying success onstage in a evival of “The Impotance of Being Eanest.” Diven y a deep need to succeed whee his fathe Noman failed, and still tomented ove his death, Hay Oson (James Fanco) has invested heavily in the eseach of scientific genius D. Otto Octavius (Alfed Molina), who elieves he’s on the vege of ceating a souce of pepetual enegy though sustained fusion. As the altuistic Octavius tells the admiing Pete, who intends to wite his thesis on him, this eakthough will put “the powe of the sun in the palm of my hand.” But just as Noman Oson’s expeiment tuned him into a demented villain, so does Octavius’; in font of numeous onlookes, his electical gizmos ust a gut and his fou enomous metal “activatos” tun into mudeous tentacles of staggeing speed and stength, and capale of tanspoting the ceatue soon to e dued D. Octopus, o Doc Ock, up and down walls with ease. At the stoy’s pecise midway point, Pete tosses his Spide-Man costume in the tash. A light-heated intelude, cheekily accompanied y “Raindops Keep Fallin’ on My Head,” illustates the moe alanced and happie young man Pete is ale to ecome without the specte of Spide-Man constantly hoveing ove him; he hopes his fesh appoach to life will win May Jane ove efoe it’s too late, and in the again confesses to Aunt May his guilt fo his pat in the death of Uncle Ben (Cliff Roetson, seen in one quasi-deam sequence). The new emotional levels and inceased oppotunities povided y the scipt give the actos a chance to stetch, and they all espond, none moe than Maguie. Running the gamut fom heoic knight to heatoken suito, thesp is a constant delight, his lightness of touch poviding many gace notes to what was aleady a lively chaacteization. Dunst gets moe sceentime than efoe and fleshes out the damsel-in-distess aspects of he pat with a nice potait of a young woman tying to figue out whee he futue lies. With Aunt May finally, afte two yeas of mouning, tying to move on, Hais has much moe to do and does it with he customay excellence, and Fanco pushes Hay into an unanticipated dak ealm. Molina’s initial geniality mophs into a detemined ut unmaniacal evil, although the lack of a specific focus fo his destuctiveness makes Doc Ock's eal pupose a it fuzzy. A geat follow-up to Spide-Man!Tranquilbez22	10	Apr,,7,2012	This movie is Amazing, Best Supeheo movie of the last ten yeas, even ette than the Dak Knight, Supe acting, mezmeizing effects and moments that'll last a life time, Sam Raimi has ceated a Cinematic mastepiece. Too Bad Spideman 3 didn't do to well. Could JK Simmons please epise his ole in the new Spideman movies? He was on to play the pat. This movie is one fo the ages, A mastepiece!JawsPapi87	9	Aug,25,2011	Head and shouldes aove the fist one. It's chaacte-diven and much moe inteesting emotionally plus thee's moe ealistic dialogue and a coole villainCooterPatooter	10	Mar,,7,2012	Geatest comic ook movie eve.  While a consideale impovement ove the fist in all aeas, the choice of Alfed Molina as villain Doc Ock was eyond illiant.  A total joy to watch ove and ove.gm101	10	Jun,26,2011	A splendid sequel to the aleady excellent fist movie (y the way, I don't see how this movie was significantly ette than the fist. All thee Spide-Man movies ae equally awesome).cameronmorewood	9	Nov,12,2012	This Spide-Man, new and impoved, hits all the ight notes, has a pefect, acing pace, and ings geat new ideas to the sceen. Suely when it was made, it was the est supeheo movie eve. The Dak Knight now holds that position.heybuddymovies	9	Aug,,1,2011	This took the fun and enegy of the fist film and multiplied it y awesome.  It had a geat stoy of pesonal conflict ove whethe to e happy in you pesonal life o possily using the gifts you have to sacifice that life to save othes.  It was a enthalling stoy aout tue heoism to the point of oneâdharma	8	Jun,,9,2012	Many conside this as the est supe heo film of all time. But I feel that it is infeio to the fist Spide-Man. It has a slow mid point; joke sequences went a little it too long. But it has one of the est supe heo fight of all time.JullTheAmazing	10	Oct,25,2013	Spide-man 2 es un gan film de acción y aventua, de los que dan gusto pode ve. He quedado maavillado y espeo que así halla sido tamién paa todos los espectadoes. Una película que no solo maca una época doada en el supehéoe, sino que tamién loga se el mejo film del géneo de todos los tiempos, supeando incluso a The Dak Knight.Jmsbpp	8	Jul,16,2013	Spide man cada vez escalando mas hacia un uen futuo................................................................................................drlowdon	8	Apr,22,2014	With Pake continuing to stuggle with the esponsiility of eing a supeheo the Spide-Man sequel is as successful at comining action, comedy and chaacte development as the fist movie . Docto Octopus also povides a geat nemesis fo the heo and the fight scenes etween the two make fo some excellent action sequences. Highly ecommended.rico	6	Dec,,7,2004	 I agee with GMDK. Thee's only so much "poo, poo Pete" one can take.sil3nt_nick	10	Mar,27,2013	Pefect. Nothing moe to say.BarneyOnMT	6	Jan,,6,2016	WHAT I LIKED: A film that's oveall an impovement ove it's pedecesso, 'Spide Man 2' has much moe chaacte and elationship development that makes the film appea moe ealistic, you can empathise moe with Pete in this film too, and the special effects and action ae well impoved ove the fist. The villain is also feels moe dangeous and less izzae and comical as the Geen Golin did in the fist.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE: It's still vey cheesy and cliched, and it's not excatly the most inteesting of plots. It also lacks chaacte acs and su-stoies that could make it moe layeed.VERDICT: A successful sequel to say the least, this is much impoved ove the fist thanks to it's new focus on emotional elemtns and chaacte elationships.grandpajoe6191	7	Sep,21,2011	"Spide man 2" is decent. Thee is a lot to see ut less to think o develop. Bette to watch with you fiends fo pue joy, laughing at the cony dialogue and 'ooh-aah'ing at the impessive action sequences.David	4	Jan,,8,2006	 I guess you have to e a Spidey fan in ode to love this movie. Still, I don't see how anyone can defend the hoile pefomances fom James Fanco o Kisten Dunst. I guess if you'e the kind of peson who doesn't mind an awful line like "go get em tige", you will love this movie. I mean I can identify with Pete Pake. Like Doc Ock says I am also "smat, ut lazy". I also have no idea how to talk to women. I should love this movie, ut I can't look past the fact that it is not vey well done. And stop talking aout the special effects. They don't make a movie geat. Especially when that movie ips off Supeman II. If this movie had won Oscas, it would have een the most oveated movie of all time.TerryD.	2	Jul,,3,2004	 I guess I wouldn't make a vey good movie poduce ecause I would have shelved this thing and missed out on all the money it?s aking in. Why is it doing that I ask myself ? who knows ecause as fa as I?m concened this is nothing moe than some touchy-feely love stoy, finding one self, soap opea with ove-special-effected ?action? scenes. Heck, I got the feeling the only eason those wee thee at all was to eak-up the monotony of Pete Pake wondeing aound eing ton ove his, life, loves, pupose, lah, lah, lah. Yikes, I paid money to see this dile. Gamer44	0	Dec,,5,2012	my question is how did spide-man 2 scoe ette than the fist instalment. Spide-man 2 is 50 times wose than the fist spide-man movie the stoy is wose,the acting is 100 times wose and toy maquie is acts moe and moe like a aoon and is acting still sucks.How people liked this movie is mind oggling.one wod to descie the movie "Teile".Once again this is one of the wost movie sequels in the histoy of sequels.MattP.	2	Jun,30,2004	 Tedious and epetitive, CGI that makes the uilding-to-uilding leaps look like a ad videogame, lousy acting, lazy and uninspied diection of non-action scenes. Saved y an Evil Dead homage.FerandoT.	3	Jul,,8,2004	 Nothing special... histoy is a little oing... only a few FX ae inteesting.TheRealness	0	Jul,,4,2006	 [***SPOILERS***] Whee to egin? The plot of this film is incoheent. Docto Octopus needs those tentacles to...do what exactly? All he does with them in the la scene (his la in a esidential space) is pess a utton. Late on, the villian os a ank fo...money that he will use to...do what? Buy la equipment? Does anyone see the stupidity hee? Why not just take what you want? The est of all: Doc Ock goes to James Fanco and demands the pecious McGuffin of 'tidium.' Rathe than just ansack Fanco's home and take it, o totue him and take it, Ock makes an unncessay deal to isk his life and hunt down Spide-Man fo it. Smat. Onto the dialogue. What young people talk as Toey and that hideous actess do in this film? 'Go get'em tige?' Seiously? This is what happens when 50 yea old Hollywood hacks wite fo allegedly cool young people. That the actos did not speak up poves they wee out to cash a check. The pulic, inc. the citics, is ainwashed y an assault of hype into liking this deck. People so despeately want to like it, that they ovelook wack, weak plot and dialogue. 'It's just a summe movie,' is no excuse. Just ecause I am in a movie theate doesn't mean I have to check logic and common sense at the doo. But in a cultue whee people ae content eating fast food day in and day out while listening to Ashlee Simpson and eading US Weekly, why should anyone e supised this movie is a hit? Kisten Dunst is anothe issue altogethe. Appaently just ecause someone is on a ig sceen o magazine coves, they ecome petty. This gil's face in those ECU shots is downight scay. She elongs in an old Raimi zomie flick. But again, if you luck into a ig ole ecause you've een chasing fame since you wee a child actess, then you just ecome petty. Become famous in ou society and suddenly you also ecome physically attactive? Finally, Raimi's cheese shots of people sceaming is just wack camp. Much pefeed Nolan's Batman.MarkW.	1	May,,4,2007	 This was possily the wost movie I have eve seen.AndrewM.	1	Jul,,8,2004	 This film was awful. The classic dilemma of Pete Pake simply does not tanslate to pesent day. Ou heo is a man in love with a woman he can't have egadless of how many times he is foced to epel he advances. His ostacle to ecstasy with MJ is his fea that his enemies might exploit the ovious weakness a supeheo's gilfiend would inheently e. Who thinks this way? Any man, in a simila situation, would nail the chick without fea o emose. This heoic dilemna is so alien to the audience they actually have to explicitly state the heo's dilemna. And...of couse...in a tuly isky casting move...NYC is cast as the innocent victim of the cime ou Antho-Aachnid fiend must fight. What I find so asud is the idiculously high scoe awaded this film y the meta-citic cowd. Is eveyone on the payoll of this film? Please Toey...end it now and go ack to independent film!!!FrankR.	0	Jul,,4,2006	 Couple things... 1. Just ecause someone coined a lame, cony catch phase fo a chaacte in a comic ook fo people with 3d-gade eading comp is no excuse fo using said lame line in a 200 million dolla film. 2. Just ecause the lame, cony, 'Go get'em tige' line was used in the comic does not mean it is good, o should e used in the film vesion. 3. 3. If I want to ead a comic, I'll uy a comic. If I want to go see a movie, even one BASED ON a comic, I hope to get a stoyline and dialogue of highe quality than that offeed in the comic. Spide-Man 2 fails to offe a coheent plot. It's dialogue is lame. Finally, even those die-had comic fans will eject the 3d installment of this cap-- Tophe Gace as Venom. I'm no comic expet, ut I thought Venom was, like, muscula and imposing. I also thought the costume was lack with a white spide, not that cony-looking thing on the taile.ArnieG.	4	Apr,27,2007	 Extemely oveated. Uneaaly cony and sappy y times. Although I'm sue this is staight fom the comics ut why does Pete have to know all his villians pesonally efoe they ecome villians? I find this unealistic plot point distacting ut I'm willing to get ove it if the movie woked...which I found only when the action kicked in gea. I loved the fist Spidey, thought it was stylish and ang tue...hee's hoping that Spidey 3 is moe like the fist.spadenx	6	Dec,,9,2011	Petty much the same as I felt aout the pevious film. I didnt like the acting much ut the action was good and it was entetaining fo the most pat. It could get athe dull though and that did take away fom it.cowbell31	6	Jun,22,2012	Spide-Man 2 has a good villain ut Raimi thinks he can fit such emotional dama with a little love stoy that the movie would've een fine without. Doc Oct was a geat villain who was played pefectly and who could have stole the show, if not fo Kisten Dunst and he stupid pat.Swati	9	Feb,12,2013	A fa supeio film than the fist one. The villain hee is moe intiguing and puposeful. Spide-man himself goes though some ups and downs. The fight scenes wee coole and iveting. MJ seves the pupose of 'damsel in distess' yet again. I don't know anyone who would want to e with such an annoying peson. Anyway, I enjoyed it.Luisz	3	Jun,,3,2014	Afte the vey good spide-man (2002), this sequel makes no sense, Pete is a lose who neve does anything scientific as in the comic and has no chaisma. The only good thing is Alfed Molina.AaronWasserman2	8	May,,4,2014	Ovehyped? asoultetly. ut still alot of fun! with an incdile scoe, as the whole tilogy has, Raimi kicks it up a notch fo this sequel. while still eing campy Spide-Man 2 ings in moe dama that does get ove the top. Spide-Man 2 one of the est comic ook movies eve? no ut it does hold a place fo one of the est comic ook movie fight scenes eve....the tain sequenceJamailS.	10	Jul,,2,2004	Amazing spideman poved to e moe than amazing. it was not the effects that made it geat (fo the ecod: "it was supe") ut the humanity of it all. sam aimi gave us a endition of a spideman which eclipse the steeo-typical definition of a supeheo. pete pake was human afte all; confusion and indecision gets him, hut affects him, and most he feels. most of the time supeheoes ae potayed as stong and can neve e oken y psychological toules. hee we see a supeheo who is confused, still the heo in him eigned. "I will neve die a monste" D. Octavius said and not his villain side fo it was a ealization that no matte how good o ad a peson o someone is, always the geate "good" eigns. thums-up to the actos and eveyody involve in these movie.KenM.	9	Jul,20,2004	 Somehow Doc Ock didn't seem as difficult an opponent fo Spidey to defeat, and yes, thee's a it of melodama etween Pete and May Jane that could have used one moe ewite. But eveything else is dynamite. Aside fom the special effects, thee's actually some chaacte development! Isn't it geat when Hollywood does that?VinceH.	9	Jul,,3,2004	 The eason why "Spideman 2" is the est Hollywood movie of the yea thus fa is ecause it has a pefect mix of dama, emotion, action, visual effects and naative dive. The sceenplay was witten y Alvin Sagent, who also wote such liteate damas as "Odinay People" & "Julia", which mostly seems to explain why the dialogue & emotional scenes wok so well (which they usually don't in action movies). The acting is excellent (esp. fom Toey Maguie, who just gets ette and ette) and Sam Raimi's diection is tese, well-paced, and inventive while staying tue to the mythic & comic qualities without going oveoad into psychic mumojumo & petentiouness (ae you eading this Ang Lee?). Since we actually cae aout these chaactes and ecome so pesonally involved with them thoughout, that when the action scenes come aound they almost seem a distaction to the much moe captivating stoy of May Jane & Pete's elationship, which actually feels eal and not fake like most comic ook moves. PeterP.	6	Jul,,9,2004	 Anyone who's ead the comics fo yeas: ememe the infamous (and tedious) issues that egan with the cove showing Pete in the ackgound walking away fom a gaage can in the foegound, containing the last thing you'd eve think he'd thow out? THAT'S the suplot that has fans complaining aout the flick and pofessional citics aving. Just as that months-long dama was tedious in the ooks, so is the second act of the film. BUT eveyone involved in the movie did exceptionally well, and once the action finally kicks in again, it's woth the pice of admission... it's just tough to get though the middle and ealy final thid of the film without glancing at you watch at least once. I'd say New Yok Magazine and ReelViews' citiques hit the nail ight on the head.GerronK	10	Oct,,3,2004	 A wondeful sequel to the fist Spide-man film! This film is emotionally affecting, visually stunning and is an atistic achievement in the supe heo gene. Maguie and Dunst oth give enthalling pefomances. One of the top films of 2004.ZacharyW.	9	Jun,30,2004	 The movie was vey good. Thee was too much talk, and not enough action scenes. I give it an A-.RobertA.	10	Jun,30,2004	 ^_^ fantastic! ^_^ inspiational ^_^ I thank them fo making it! ^_^Heirloom	9	Jun,30,2004	 Thee is a good alance etween the action, special effects scene and the small, intimate, emotional moments that delve deepe into the chaactes. highly entetaining.ChickenM.	10	Jul,10,2004	 Cazy awesome.JeffR	6	Jul,,2,2004	Wow, eveyone seems to have loved this one - i pesonally thought it was petty medioce, as i wasnt eally all that excited though much of it and they could have cut a half hou off it, namely out of the mushy lovey dovey staing-at-each-othe-with -puppy-dog-eyes scenes. i dont hate omance, ut it felt foced at times and i go to spide man movies to have fun and see weslinging, not to stae into kisten dunst's eyes fo an hou at a time (i'm not even going to go into how ad she was fo the pat, and how unattactive she eally is in this movie, since it's eally an issue with the fist flick that has caied ove). the action was good when it came, and doc ock was a petty good villain even if the whole two-pesonalities-in-one-head thing was aleady done in the last movie. the last 45 minutes eally eaned this one 3 of the points i gave it, ut it was disappointing that it took soooo long to find it's goove.AkhilK.	10	Jul,,3,2004	 An incedile movie! You have to see it. It is one of those movies that will low you mind no matte how high you expectations ae. Quiet	10	Jul,,5,2004	 Having just seen this... wow. This is how a comic ook movie should always e made. The vaious stoy acs wee tight, well filmed, well acted, etc. I am cuious how they ae going to make movies 3-6 (fom what I hea they have 6 movies planned out). If they ae close to as good as this... wow.MonicaT.	10	Jul,,5,2004	Cool, good special effects, pefect and talented cast, good stoyline, good ending.a.k.aMattT.	9	Jul,,7,2004	This ia a supu sequel this movie has to offe.the movie has a lend of excellent coougaph action scenes, omance and comical events. Oveall this movie is a money woth.StephB.	9	Jul,,7,2004	 ~Spideman was wickedly Awesome! ut I think it does come as close as the fist one. Though I think people say it was ette , I say the Oiginal is always the one and only.(R.I.P.)+BillB.	10	Jul,30,2006	 amazing fom stat to finish. spide-man is without a dout the est comic chaacte to e tanslated to the ig sceen.Anthonyl.	10	Aug,10,2006	I just caught this movie on ho again the othe day and damn do i love this movie. it eally does have eveything mixed into one movie. it captues the spiit of the comic ook pefectly, while also tanslating to mainsteam audiences. i can not wait fo the next one.KevinF.	9	Jun,30,2004	This movie is eally something else. i always liked the fist one, it was my favoite comic ook movie. daedevil was ass, hulk wasnt geat. i liked x-men, ut those two films lacked something that spideman had. this second movie is at times eautiful, and you eally feel like this is all happening, you can sympathize with the chaactes in a way that you wouldnt think possile. i would ecommend this movie to anyone, ecause it goes eyond just eing a comic ook movie.TroyM.	10	Jun,30,2004	 Spide-Man 2 was fantastic!!! It has eveything: humo, omance, excellent action scenes, and geat special effects. Even if you ae not a comic ook fan, you will love this movie.MichaelG.	10	Jun,30,2004	 Excellent film. Much ette than the fist film. The fist pat of the film is funny and sad at the same time. Raimi eally makes you feel how had it is to e Pete Pake/Spide-Man. The mid point dags a little it ut the action is top notch-especially the tain sequence. Excellent, one of the top films of 2004 (so fa)Fantasy	10	Jun,30,2004	 Stupendous. Bette than the oiginal. Don't miss it.CameronS.	10	Jun,30,2004	 Excellent Movie, Bette acting, Bette Special effects and it was just down ight geat! I eally eally hope that Spideman 3 is going to e good as this one. I think this one is ette than the fist! Go see this movie!MaxwellS.	10	Jun,30,2004	 Amazing. So geat to see a fun comic ook action movie with such complex and eal chaactes instead of focusing on one chaacte with a unch of suppoting cadoad cutouts. Look fowad to the thid one vey, vey much.PhilT.	9	Jun,30,2004	 It was a geat movie! Compaed to the 1st one, it has moe dama and emotion than the fist one, ut the action in the fist was ette. The CGI was a it noticale when spidy was swinging aound. It is a geat movie fo all ages and can get vey sciency. I loved the scene whee Doc Oct thows the ags of money at spidy.... its eally goofy and unealistic if u think aout it, ut i liked it anyways...BoyWonder	10	Jun,30,2004	 An asolute MUST SEE fo anyone. You dont have to e a dedicated spideman comic fan to tuly appeciate this mastepiece of cinematic engineeing :)JonathanM.	10	Jun,30,2004	 This movie is so good it made me want to cap my pants. It totally lew my mind.RickG.	10	Jun,30,2004	 This is one of those ae films of the comic ook gene that I would actually ecommend to people who have neve ead comics. Spide Man 2 picks up whee the last one left off and the chaacte development is ette hee than in the pevious film. This one has moe laughs than the fist one and it's not just laughte at JK Simmons playing J Johan Jameson. Geat Summe entetainment. Go see it and enjoy youself. DonnieP.	10	Jun,30,2004	 Not just a geat supe heo movie, ut simply a geat movie. Chaactes you cae aout in a stoy that take you all ove the place emotionally. CGI is uneal and the acting is as good as anything you'll see this yea. I dout I'll see anything this good fo a long time.JohnS.	9	Jul,,1,2004	 This movie lows the fist movie out of the wate with its special effects, depth, dama and ette CGI. Spidey looks moe eal, instead of the catoon spot swinging though the model skyscapes of the pevious movie. Even New Yok City looks gitty and authentic this time aound. Best of all, this movie succeeds whee evey pevious supeheo movie fails: It makes the out-of-costume heo elievale and watchale. Moe than half of the movie is Pete Pake, and the audience doesn't mind since he's a thee-dimensional sad-sack sot of guy you want to oot fo. Thee ae good supises and many moments you shouldn't ead in a eview. But let me say that this is what a ig udget summe film should e -- exciting, heoic, involving, and funny. This is tuly my childhood heo tanslated to the sceen with style, enegy, and depth. In fact, it tiumphs so much in all of these aspects that you neve notice thee isn't much of a plot at all.RobertH.	10	Jul,,1,2004	 Asolutely fist ate. Stats out a it slow ut picks up steam quickly. The only negative is the opeating oom scene which eminds one of The Texas Chainsaw Massace (may e too intense fo small childen,) ut othe than that, Spidey eally delives. Bette than the oiginal. Should do $100,000,000 the fist weekend as the theates wee packed with a new showing evey thity minutes. Don't miss it.Carmen	3	Jul,,1,2004	 I cannot elieve this movie has gotten such high eviews. It's a teile film. The fist one was petty good, without eing geat o anything ut this is just as if someone had een paid to scew it up on pupose, stating y the scipt. Was the movie intended fo a five yea old audience? All that inne conflict of the chaactes was so shallow and laughale, not even the action scenes saved this movie. VernG.	4	Jul,16,2004	 This movie went way too fa with its theme of the intenal stuggle etween eing a supeheo and living a nomal life. Way too angsty fo my taste, and the movie seemed to eg too much pity out of me (No fee toaste, not ale to use the athoom, living in a tiny apatment) than I was willing to give... I'm not going to say that I was mad ecause thee wasn't enough action in the movie, ut I was dissapointed that his intenal stuggle was focused on, and EVERYONE had a lesson to teach him. (Aunt May's speech made me want to ip out my hai) A few scenes made me laugh, (of couse, not due to thei comedy oots) such as the constant 'Zoom in on peson sceaming' effect and 'Metal ams uy though cowd of people to ga old lady'... In conclusion, esides the fact that it was not what I expected it to e at all, the ending eally makes me wonde how in the wold they'e going to compile a Spideman 3.Kris	9	Jul,,1,2004	 Possily the est comic ook movie I've eve seen. Yes, I enjoyed much moe than the fist 2 Batmans, and the fist two Supemans.PatrickH.	9	Jul,10,2004	 Incedile!!!Starfox	10	Jul,,1,2004	 Fantastic. Easily the est comic ook / supe heo movie eve made.DaveO.	2	Jul,19,2004	 This movie was a sceamingly dull, pointless, contived, hackneyed disappointment. Tuly a waste of time, except fo the vey hadcoe, who will e paticulaly offended y the goss lieties taken y a ovely-self-indulgent Raimi. I have no idea how Chaon could allow witing like this to go unde his cedit. A genuinely ad film. Wose than MIB2, ..which at least attempted to entetain unlike this schlock. TerryW.	10	Jul,19,2004	 What an awesome movie! Easily the est of the yea!GaborA.	5	Jul,,2,2004	 Uttely oveated ut not mind ogglingly so like people say it is. Of couse eveyones going to like this movie. "it has action and heat." yeah thats geat. Plot is attempted to e sustituted y concept. This concept ofcouse is the typical esponsiilites and sacifices of the heo stuff so im confussed as to why eveyone takes this as an oiginal move. The iggest flaw of the movie is that it opens the ox on all the geat should e kept secects like spideman's identity. Meanwhile things that ae illogically concealed wont e made evident fo the pupose of continuing the seies. When Hay looks you in the face and says you killed my fathe im going to kill you. Do you a.) dodge the issue once again and say "thees igge thing going on than me an you ight now." o B.) do the ovious and say a couple of simple wods "you dad was the geen golin you moon thats why i had to kill him." Pat thee will e the Hogolin vs. Spideman meaning once again it will e scitsophanic-esque villian vesus supe heo with "human qualities." It neve was oiginal ut now its getting flat out annoying.RS	9	Jul,,2,2004	 This movie is awsome. Packed with action, dama, supe-heo action, this movie is a MUST-SEE!!!MarkR.	3	Jul,22,2004	 2 hous fo an action movie, please! Found it had to sit though the entie thing. & eally sutle intoduction to the next movie too...O.W.	10	Jul,28,2004	 Tuly the est movie uv the yea. its action packed and exciig though the whole movie. in my top ten mos fav movies uv all time. its tuly amazing. if i could i would ate it 15/10. Amazing. MichaelR.	10	Jul,,2,2004	 If you liked the fist movie at all, you'll definatley like this one as well. Sam Raimi and cew did not pussyfoot aound with this movie.AdamR.	10	Jul,29,2004	 This movie is tuely amazing, and it is woth seeing. This is the est and my most anticipated MARVEL poduction to date. It is a geat action film and it also has a good stoy.JenniferK.	10	Jul,,2,2004	 The action was so awesome. I was so dawn into the emotional issues. Spideman was funnie in this movie than in the fist one.MarcW.	9	Jul,,2,2004	 The finest movie of the yea and quite possily, the most touching love stoy I have eve seen on the silve sceen.EfeB.	9	Jul,30,2004	 The toule with anking follow-ack films such as ocky and indiana jones films is that, the anke...in this case me...have to look at the film as a compete poduct athe than just a new nume in the seies. this is the case with spideman 2. i will do my est to eview the film AS IS, and not as a folow up to the geat fist spideman film. it's wild!...phew!. yes, now that i said it lets gut it's insides. toey is a good spide, quite good casting. i would have pefeed a talle, skinnie spideman, ut he does petty well even though he is not vey elegant looking. his success comes fom his humle looks and voice, he always sounds like eithe he doesn't give a damn aout life o he just woke up, pick one. pick two if you wanna tick me. docto octavious is played vey well y molina, it's fantasy films like these that handle "attitude" vey well. like han solo in sta was...look at sta was with no han solo (new ones)....see my point? as fo may jane, she could have een alot woldly, athe than a geneic ameican chick who talks aout wedings and oyfiends and looking fo a man to comlete he constantly. sam aimi does a geat jo, this guy...people wee ashing him even efoe the elease of spideman 1, they said he had no clue and no contol ove the amitious poject....he shows us not only he has contol, ut he can dance aound it in classy fashion. the stoy dips down eve so often and demands moe action, thee ae too many "whee have you een?" and "who am i" kind of un-answeale idiotic questionees handed out in the cast that gets in the neves and eyes. you ae spideman 2, does that make you feel ette? the fella who plays hay, geen golin's hei is a petty good acto, i am glad we ae gona see him moe in the next one. he might give us moe of that "attitude"we ae in need of. BenZ.	9	Jul,,3,2004	 This is a phenomanal movie. I would say it anks up thee with "supeman", "atman" and "atman etuns" as one of the est comic ook movies of all time. What makes this movie tuly geat ae not the scenes with spide-man, oddly enough, ut the ones with pete pake whee we see him going though his day to day stuggles eing a supe-heo. This movie comines diffeent elements which ae aely so effective in a film: witty humo, exciting action, and some tuly effective, emotion denched dama. So... if this movie is so geat, then why a 9 and not a 10? Well... thee is one flaw that still ate at me while i watched this movie. This concens the way spide-man, as a chaacte, is animated thoughout the majoity of the movie. While it didn't othe me so much as the fist film, (the effects wee geatly impoved fo this sequal) I still think it would have een much moe effective to take the exta time and pepeation to incopoate moe human-like spideman stunts into the mix, you gotta admit that spideman outfit looks cool as hell.Lumiere	10	Jul,,3,2004	 This movie was outstanding and y fa the est movie this yea since you can't count animated movies :p. Well if you liked the fist Spide-Man you will love this one the feel is even ette now as it lends in vey nice. Even if you didn't you should give this a chance ecause it is a ette film then the fist one. In this one eveything doesn't go Spide-man's way. He does teile in school, loses his supepowes and almost loses May Jane fo good. Then he decides to quit eing Spide-Man fo awhile and to make his life with May Jane ack to nomal. He finally goes and sees he opea pefomance and things look a it ette fo spide-man. In this one the main villian is D. Octopus. He is the mad scientist gone wild as the ams gain contol of him and he gives Spide-Man hell. Toey Mcguie (Pete Pake) and Kisten Dunst (May Jane Watson) do an excellent jo acting and thei chaactes ae vey elievale. Othe notale chaactes ae Rosemay Hais and Hay Osoune (who should e a ig pat in the 3d movie) The Action in this movie is a geat onus to an aleady excellent piece of wok. As I said, I came out of the theate at 12:20 AM. happy last night knowing I had seen the est ig udget movie of the yea so fa. What is a shame though is hee in Lake Jackson, TX we eally only have one good theate. This theate has 10 sceens ut some films even as ig as Fahenheit 911 don't get shown hee. I have to dive to Houston in ode to see any limited elease movies also which is not conveniant. I also ecommend the soundtack to this film as well. It may not have a song that stands out as much as Chad Koege's Heo did on the fist Spide-Man ut oveall this is still a good soundtack. My picks fom the soundtack ae Dashoad Confessional - Vindicated and Jet - Hold On. I like the Maoon 5 song its just that it doesn't go with the movie eally. Rating: A Soundtack Rating: 4/5 Stas.DonaldN.	10	Jul,,3,2004	 OMFG!! If I could give a 20 to this movie, I would!! This is y fa the geatest movie I've eve seen.  The Special effects ae totally elievale and the stoy line is supeme.  This movie will gp down in histoy as one of the most tiumphant action movie.  It is not possile fo thee to e a ette movie.ScottAKASokaar	10	Jul,,3,2004	 Ok I conside my self one of those people that does not get hyped ove how good a film looks, ut Spideman was one of my most anticipated films eve, having gone to see the fist one so many times I lost count and I can honestly say my scoe has nothing to do with how much I was anticipating it, the film tuely ocks. Ok I do not know whee to egin ut i shall ty at the eggining, I must say that I will not mention any of the majo points in the film. I pesonaly liked the way the film egins with a nice little seies of taleaux to descie petty much the entie scipt and these ae done as an atistic dawn sceen shot fom the pevious film and it explains what happened in the fist film fo those that had not seen it (yeah i know what ock wee they living unde ut it woks well). It then jumps ight into the film with pake late fo wok. The film looks at the stugle etween leading an eveyday life and leading a life of pesue fo a supeheo, the polems like always having to escue a peson in distess ut also the polems of hated fom the people he is tying to save due to ad pess. NYC is split into those that love him and those that hate him (kind of like mamite). The film is fast pased to so you not waiting 30 minuets to catch you fist glimpse of spideman. The plot of the stoy is well witten in my oppinion, having neve ead a spideman comic in my entie life I can tell you it was enjoyale to watch, howeve the film does ing in some things that happens to spideman in the catoon which petty much copies the comics i am told. The film has many moals hidden in with the scipt like finding you way when you lost, the value of eing tuthful ect and these ae sensed on a suconscious level. The film has een given the PG cetificate which i think in anothe film they would not have done this, yes the film contains no lood, ut the violence if petty fequent. I sense they decided on the PG ating ecause of the fowns aout the fist film eing 12 ut whateve. I am not saying that the film should e highe ated ut I just thought I would point out thee is quiet alot of violence in thee. and on that note the fighting is asolutley illiant it leaves you on the edge of you seat anticipating what could possily happen next. and it all looks vey ealistic, I mean as ealistic as fist fighting with someone while falling to you death looks anyway. the film also has mind lowing special effects they have made spidemans acoatics and motions while flying though the ai looks so eautiful. and the ending i find inteesting too, i left the cinema with a feeling that thee is going to e a thid film ecause of the scene whee hay ealises was at fist sight a sequel egging ending ut afte thinking aout it you ealise it is not sequel egging it leaves the doo open to a sequel ecause the closue comes fom the "go get 'em tige" scene i ?Know that is a little cyptic ut once you have seen the film you will undestand what i mean (i hope i have not given anything away to the hadcoe spidey fans) so on to my final thought on the film. It is a pefect alance etween action and dama and pefectly potays how it must e to lead a doule life and have to give up you deams fo the good of othes, amazing visual and sound effects make this an all aound pefect film. Sokaa gives it a huge 10EliotR.	8	Jul,,3,2004	 Stong pefomances all aound. Geat movie. A much ette film than the fist. Less action, moe plot. Good wok Spidey!AdamM.	2	Jul,,6,2004	 Like most sequels, this movie failed and took what could have een a tuly good summe lockuste and tansfomed it into a cliche idden piece of gaage that made me laugh thoughout. Action films should entetain without eing cheesy and without edoing the same pathetic scenes that have een epeated fo ages. I humoously ecall laughing histeically as the cowd caies the now weakened Spideman as if cowd sufing. This is one (of many) scenes that easily made this the wost film I have seen this summe.MikeT.	3	Jul,,6,2004	 Half of the time Spidy is unning aound in the movie without cap - which is weid - then he is paanoid, full of self dout, and thee is just too much zap. It's moe a childen's ook movie then supeheo movie. Movie is oing I don't know what the hype is all aout.TomD.	1	Jul,,6,2004	 WASTE of Money, and Time. Moe Soapopea then anything elseLuthorx	9	Jul,,7,2004	I can aggee with those who think this is moe of a soap opea, ut the plot was close to the comics, the fights wee awesome and the est was well done. 9 out of 10MeakaScorp	10	Jul,,8,2004	 Such an awesome movie. no wods to say, im speechless.RobinF.	9	Jul,,8,2004	 Geat movie with an Inteesting villian!PeterM.	10	Jul,,8,2004	 Asolutely amazing. Even ette than the fist and a happy ending too. Dont hesitate. Go see it ight now. (its playing evey half hou at most theates so you shouldn't have toule finding a convenient showtime)RayRay	2	Jul,,9,2004	 I have to agee with Andew M. (elow), ut don't just limit you citicism to the Metacitic uses. Look at the paise fom the pofessional Meta-Citics!! They loved the damned thing. I was oed out of my feakin' skull! I mean, oth X-Men movies uied this sucke. I'd say Spide-Man 2 is aout on the level with the "Hulk" movie. Don't e fooled people, this movie sucks./\/\\/\/	2	Jul,,9,2004	 The 2 is fo nice FX and Raimi's diection, the est I could do without. The heo dilemma is waaaaaay oveplayed in this film, it's the Goundhog Day of love stoies. The longing looks and suggestive dialogue followed y the invetiale ejection of MJ y Pete ad nauseam. This tied passion play seiously detacts fom any semlance of pacing in this film, and is not epesentative of what most fans want to see fom thei supeheo flicks imo. I don't esent love stoies, I just esent them not going anywhee ove a 2+ hou peiod. Guess I'm in the minoity hee, ut I found the fist film ette paced, and altogethe moe satisfying than this sequel. By the way, whee the heck was the villian in this film? You hadly see him show up at all!LexeH.	9	Aug,10,2004	 Ove-all geat movie. Really well witten, a definite awad winne.Sungus	9	Aug,31,2004	 If you get past the ovious flaws in the logic (cmon its a comic ook movie fo chissake), the pesentation is quite good. As a fan of the stip and the animated seies, the movie is good aout eing loyal to the spiit of the comic ut also uilding on that. It appeas that this seies is ale to stay seemless ove time, unlike Batman, which just ecame too ad to watch. Hopefully, the cast will continue to do these fo a few moe flicks. A.T.	7	Aug,,5,2004	 This was a good movie, and poaly ette than the fist one. Geat, ceative action sequences, good plot, good chaactes. My main ojection to this movie is that the second act is petty slow and weak. We get not one, not two, not thee, ut fou puely expositoy set pieces (the uncle Ben deam, the long Aunt may speech, the voice-ove monologue, and the Docto's speech). If you want me to know what Pete is stuggling with, then show me, don't tell me. And fo the love of god, don't tell me fou times. Fankly, given the vey high paise it's gotten, I was a little disappointed with this pictue. But that was just due to my high expectations. It's a good movie, go see it.BrianW.	10	Aug,,7,2004	 Definitely a top notch hollywood poduct. I found myself caing moe aout what was happening with Pete Pake, than what villan Spide Man was hanging fom a we somewhee. You ecome tuly attatched to the stuggle he faces. Balancing his life's esponsiility, with the esponsiility of eing a supeheo. A high-wie act to say the least. Some actually touching moments at the end, seamless special effects, GREAT MOVIE? Could Spidey ecome the fist supeheo film to e nominated come Osca time? I think so. When all is said and done, I have to say my favoite line in the movie is "Hi". If you've seen it you know.GauravHirlekar	10	Aug,,7,2004	 It is an ultimate movie woth seeing. crit-i-kal	10	Jan,11,2005	 Foget the est of the movie. The tain scene is, hand's down, the most intense action sequence eve uned to celluloid. If you haven't seen it yet (unlikely) you need to see it just fo that.DavidG.	5	Jan,16,2005	 "The geatest comic ook movie of all time". I think that eveyone is fogetting how much this movie ips off Supeman 2. He wants to tell the woman he loves he's a heo, ut he can't. He gives up his powes in ode to e with he. Coincidently he's also fighting his geatest enemy. His gilfiend is kidnapped. He has to get his powes ack and fight. He ealizes thee will always e a need fo the heo, ut he is somehow going to have to alance it with his love life. The only thing oiginal in this movie is Doc Ock, and they had to get him fom a comic ook.Sam+Pat:Nowpartnersincritics	10	May,15,2005	 This is one of the most excellent, entetainig, and awesome film of all time. The acting is geat, the plot is vey good and one of the top 5 films eve/ now to my fiend pat's opinion. I'd give it a 9, it was petty dang good. Oveall, it will get a 9.5 since Sam gave it a 10 and pat gave it a 9, ut do to mathmatical ounding, we must put a 10 on the scoe.Riren	10	Jan,31,2007	 Quite possily the est supeheo movie of all time. You have all the high-poweed action scenes, a geat sense of humo, and itual symolism that would even get Joseph Campell's mind stiing. It's long, ut well-paced, and neve fogets its sense of humility. By the end, Spide-Man's wold is ipe fo futhe installments, and anyone who eve walked though a toy aisle o played ecess will want to see them.Hayden	10	Feb,14,2007	 A vey stong, intelligent and emotional movie. Most likely one of the geatest movies eve. Anonymous needs to seek theapy.SteveO	9	May,,7,2008	 It was a good movie. Not a classic like the oiginal and not atocious like its successo.JimmyW	9	Jun,13,2008	 Geat action movie ut it showed temendous emotion. Geat stoy, geat movie, end of stoy.JoeM	10	Aug,10,2008	 This film has eveything going fo it. Feat special effects and action sequences, caking dialogue, a teific pefomance fom Maguie and Molina. Just like a Spide-man comic ought to the ig sceen with all the heat, fun and excitement. If you so much as like supeheo movies, you should love this.JonathanS.	9	Feb,26,2009	 Having e-watched this ecently--and pehaps this patially a nostalgic ias--this is undoutedly the geatest comic ook film eve made. Hands down. Just the shee level of enjoyment that it evokes, without sacificing intelligence, acting, diection, any of that--it's liteally one of the few movies that contains the pue entetainment that has een lost moe and moe since the golden days of adventue ack in the 70s. The Dak Knight had it's own post-humous/intense hype awe facto, ut in tems of how many times you can just sit ack and watch the film, while eing consistently entetained--the only film that comes close is Ion Man. But nothing holds a candle to Spidey 2.Nothing.melissame	10	Dec,12,2004	 An instant Classic! What a wondeful movie! One that doens't take itself too seiously, yet delives in a seious way.GregT.	8	Dec,,6,2004	 This is a vey good action movie, lots of spide wes and lots of eathtaking flying though the ai fom uilding to uilding. We all want to e ale to do that, don't we? (gin). Toy is evey man's ideal fo a son - a vey decent quasi-ned who is a tue heo at heat and evey woman's ideal - a cute young dude with muscles and moals and loads of sensitivity. What moe do ya want in a Supeheo? Eh? McgowanM.	0	Jun,29,2004	 This movie is hoile. They should have ended it afte the fist one. Anyone who likes this movie is just plain stupid and is jumping on the andwagon. daedevil ules!!!JStone	9	Jun,30,2004	 Mcgowan needs to ealize the Daedevil was the wost supe heo movie made in the past decade, its only competito eing The Punishe. Please hesitate fom inging down an outstanding movie deseves a 90 o aove, y andomly thowing in a '0'. Spideman 2 almost supasses Spideman, much like Shek 2 was to Shek. Must see of '04.JohnH.	10	Jun,30,2004	 This movie is amazing. The pefect lend of action, omance, humo, and human dama. Othe comic movies ewae, the a has een aised.ChrisG.	6	Jun,30,2004	 I eally wanted to like this movie, ut I failed to. Sam Raimi couldn't take any scene seiously without going oveoad and causing laughte in the theate. The plot felt like it was just way too coincedental. The movie is way too long fo what it is.Azri	9	Jun,30,2004	 This movie full of emotion and action as gown up student want to make ight decision eventhough he his SPIDERMAN.RJ	8	Jun,30,2004	 Exceptional action movie, one of the est I have seen in a while. While its not something like Raides of the Lost Ak, it's cetainly among the est comic ook movies I have eve seen. Fo once, an action movie that is not aindead.CharlieH.	10	Jun,30,2004	I loved this movie i was amazed at how good it was....ut what can ya do. cantwait fo the thid one...even tho its coming out in 2007....MarkM.	4	Jun,30,2004	 It eally fell shot of my expectations, since the hype and the eviews wee soaing high. The movie is like a soap opea that uses the supeheo concept as its main theme. The plot is too ovious and too shallow. It was the cheesiest movie that I've seen in yeas without the intention of ecoming one. The action was ok, ut I expected moe. It was just all flying and swinging. And the acting was just like it came fom a 60's movie, with extas sceaming like they'e in a Godzilla set. It was eally disappointing. Nevetheless, it's still Spideman and eveyone will still watch it. Defintely, the fist one fo me is ette. At least, it was not tying had so much to e the movie event of the yea.AbelE.	10	Jun,30,2004	 Awesome fom eginning to end, this is the summe movie to see! Its not a ain dead action movie, which it could easily had een made into,you can see Sam Raimi eally cae aout the chaactes stop eading this and go see it NOW!!BitBurn	9	Jun,30,2004	 This was an excellent movie. A must see on the ig sceen fo sue! Good alance etween dialog and action scenes. Suppoting cast was geat. Maguie as Spideman is awesome. If you liked the fist one you'll like this one even moe!Elliott	10	Jul,,1,2004	 An excellent film! The est comic ook film eve made! I don't even know whee to egin! Funny though how the metascoe was a 85 and then the single salon aticle ought it down to an 82.... a little skeptical, ut the movie is incedile nonetheless. It's a emakale achievement!!!BillyC.	10	Jul,10,2004	 This movie is astonishing. Quite simply, ala 'Simpsons': "Best comic ook movie eve." Krystal	10	Jul,,1,2004	 Ohhhh My GOD this is the est movie I have seen all summe I didnt think that it was going to e this good all the actos chaactes had thei 15 secs. of fame and was woth the uget!Matt	10	Jul,,1,2004	 Cool movie, go see it.CraigS.	10	Jul,,1,2004	 This is the est supe heo movie eve made! It's got it all...action, heat, laughs, thills, intelligence & a heo eveyone can identify with!ChadS.	8	Jul,,1,2004	 "Spide Man II" isn't ain-dead like the othe summe lockustes, that's fo sue. Sam Raimi must've got some flak fom the studio, y including "R_____ ____ ______ __ __ ___d"(I won't uin the supise) in the soundtack, athe than some lame altenative ock tack. Because it's fom a classic movie, and "Spide Man II" is a child of "Jaws" and "Sta Was", the scene woks as an apology to the death of the pesonal film, ecause Raimi, I think, takes a eal chance y going fo a elaxed tone in the scene that accompanies the Bachaach classic. Also, this song evokes independent film, ecause one of the leads fom the film, in which the song is fom, founded a majo film festival that sceens independent films. My point eing, the scene that follows Spide Man's etiement looks moe at home in a small movie than a ig one. That's the eal pleasue of "Spide Man II", it's not all omast. Thee's even an allusion to "Reel Without a Cause", as thee was anothe James Dean efeence, "East of Eden", in the oiginal "Spide Man". One of the uilt-in jokes of the "Spide Man" films is that James Fanco is playing James Dean. "Spide Man II", as well as "Helloy", eases "the hoo, the hoo" of "Daedevil", and "The League of Extaodinay Gentlemen". DanB.	9	Jul,10,2004	 It was geat. Lots of little humoous touches. The action scenes, when thee is action, ae geat. The fist one sucked so ad -give this one a chance.JaredC	9	Jul,12,2004	 Ecellent movie, est of the yea so fa.MichaelJ.	9	Jul,16,2004	 The est supeheo movie eve, hands down. Spide Man 2 is filled with action, intigue, and incedile special effects. This movie is a visual teat, fom the way Spide Man moves magestically, swinging fom uilding to uilding. And the stoys no flop eithe, definetly exciting enough to keep the young people entetained, and deep enough to keep the olde folks pleased as well. Do youself a favou and see this movie. DarrenM.	7	Jul,18,2004	 A majo impovement on the fist movie. Some slow moments, solid acting, geat action. Not pefect, ut woth admission pice.NickD	10	Jul,19,2004	 Best comic ook movie I have seen.PatC.	5	Jul,19,2004	 M.G.B. is ight - this movie went too fa in appealing to the masses. It eally is a geat movie, pehaps the est movie eve made aout a comic ook heo, and poaly deseves a 10 in the slick poduction depatment. Well lit, definative chaactes, engaging plot, and has something fo eveyone. I especially enjoyed the osevation that eciting T.S. Eliot to chicks tuns them on, although the aveage loke has no idea what such poety means. And Spideman's empathy fo the pedicament of his nemisis D. Octopus was touching and elevant. It has een a long time since I watched a movie I wanted to like. But, as in Supeman, Hollywood malignant nacissism emains iepessily viulent. The film deftly coects any lingeing childhood impession that a comic ook heo can foego a omantic elationship fo a selfless love of mankind. In the end, Dunst's chaacte ecomes suitaly empoweed to asset he feminine pioities and suvet Spideman's quest to supess his attaction to he fo the geate good. Once again Eve offes Adam the apple, Adam takes a juicy ite, and anothe of a diminishing list of individualistic childhood heoes is tidily dispatched. Right up to the end this movie was on tack to ecome the Casalanca of ou geneation, ut the folks who made this movie don't undestand T.S. Eliot eithe. They ae Eliot's hollow men, headpieces filled with staw and leading the wold to a whimpeing end. Thanks a unch. IbnJ.	10	Jul,21,2004	 It was a wondeful movie. Action-packed, emotionally-chaged...thee was one scene whee Spidey actually touched my heat and made me want to cy. Encoe!JuggadoreP.R.	8	Jul,,2,2004	 Alight, the cool thing aout this movie is that, as opposed to most othe supeheo movies, the heo's powes ae dependant on the stength of the man. The movie moe focused on a man with a second life as a supeheo than the othe way aound. TheElusivePossom	9	Jul,31,2004	 This film asically lived up to my petty high expectations of a sequal to the oiginal Spide-Man: amazing action that etteed the fist, and a commendale attempt to inject some tongue-in-cheek comedy. Some pats of it wee unavoidaly pedictale ("Hee's the cheap that makes sue I don't tun into a psycho-kille...hope it doesn't get smashed"), ut the film does leave a suggestion of a sequal - Will Hogolin e the next to plight Spidey? We'll know come 2007. EricY.	10	Jul,,3,2004	 I loved it. I was going to give it a 9, ut the cameo y Buce Campell eaned the movie exta cedit. The action sequences wee awesome, the cinematogaphy is geat, the acting is outstanding as well. It was all I expected and moe--even a safe movie fo kids, which is all too uncommon today.LeeW.	10	Jul,,4,2004	 I almost agee with the peson who said they'd ate this a '20'. I'd give it a '15'. I am a long time spidey fan, who was one of the few who was disappointed with spidey '1'. glad toey came ack as spidey. molina as doc ock was geat! my only complaint is: lose hay oson o get some one new to play him...othewise it woulda gotten a '20'!SaerA.	10	Jul,,4,2004	 I agee with Roge Eet. This is the est supeheo movie eve. Spide Man 2 is ette than the oiginal, funnie and did I say it was ette than the oiginal?MelissaM.	10	Jul,,5,2004	 It?s ae that a sequel outshines its pedecesso, ut this one does. By fa the est movie I?ve seen all yea. The elevato seen was classic! Aside fom the shameless setup of Spidy-3 at the end, this movie definitely eaned evey it of a 10+. At least we know who the next villian will e (as if thee wee eve a dout)... TimP.	5	Jul,,5,2004	 Sue, it was ette than the oiginal, ut that is not saying much at all! Eveyone was paising this movie as the supeio one efoe it even came out ecause the taile was ette than the entie fist film. The CG effects ae still not entiely convincing, Toy Maguie still looks 14, and James Fanco as Hay is a lesson to all that looks not talent can still get you oles. Didn't anyone want to puke at the dialogue? And the whole New Yokes eing heoic in the tain? Pathetic... My ating of 3 is fo most of the scenes with Doc Ock in them. Tust me, you will all foget this film in thee yeas when you ae tied of watching the DVD and CG effects will e much much ette...Abdullah	1	Jul,,6,2004	 Extemely oing. Nowhee nea the fist one.Dmk	3	Jul,,7,2004	 What's eally fascinating is the gamut of eviews fo this movie. Its one of those love it o hate it. As fo me, I gew up eading Spide-Man, and this movie is oing and cheesy. Of all the comic ook movies, only X-Men has gotten my appoval. AnneB.	2	Jul,,7,2004	 Long, oing, moe love stoy than action--you can tell comic ook neds had a huge hand in the poduction. Expected an action movie ut got a cheesy soap opea. Gets 2 stas fo the funny it in the middle featuing a cetain sunny classic pop song.DanaM.	3	Jul,,8,2004	 Soy, I don't get the hoopla fo this movie. Special effects ae quite good ut the dialogue is totue, and this movie is mostly dialogue. I still don't know how Toy Maguie got this ole. Seems all this movie did was set up futue sequels. Vey disappointing fom someone who loves these types of movies.AndrewM.	1	Jul,,8,2004	 This film was awful. The classic dilemma of Pete Pake simply does not tanslate to pesent day. Ou heo is a man in love with a woman he can't have egadless of how many times he is foced to epel he advances. His ostacle to ecstasy with MJ is his fea that his enemies might exploit the ovious weakness a supeheo's gilfiend would inheently e. Who thinks this way? Any man, in a simila situation, would nail the chick without fea o emose. This heoic dilemna is so alien to the audience they actually have to explicitly state the heo's dilemna. And...of couse...in a tuly isky casting move...NYC is cast as the innocent victim of the cime ou Antho-Aachnid fiend must fight. What I find so asud is the idiculously high scoe awaded this film y the meta-citic cowd. Is eveyone on the payoll of this film? Please Toey...end it now and go ack to independent film!!!Wongit	10	Aug,,1,2004	 I knew that this was going to e the est movie i would see this summe, o even this yea. I was tottaly ight. Geat stoy, a mavelous cast, geat special effects. I enjoyed this movie ecause you eally feel fo Pete Pake, you eally get to see how eing Spideman eally effects the poo guys life. I am aound his age and i could eally elate to him. By fa the est supeheo movie eve.ParthM.	10	Aug,16,2004	 It was the geatest movie in all of histoy. no ette movie than this. I don't ead ad eviews fo this movie.ParthM.	10	Aug,16,2004	 It was the geatest movie in all of histoy. no ette movie than this. I don't ead ad eviews fo this movie.NeilK.	6	Aug,29,2004	[***PLOT REVELATIONS***] Yes, it IS ette than the fist. BUT, do we eally need to set up the next "episode" quite so heavy handedly? Moe impotantly, let me get this staight... Pete no longe has "supe spide" powes ecause in his heat he doesn't REALLY want them? How ulta LAME is that??? It completely wates down what Pete/Spidey is tuly going though. Let's not foget that his "secet" identity is known y eveyone in NYC, except J. Jonah Jameson?!?!?!?!? This was a good solid comic ook movie, nothing moe. Entetaining? Yes. A good film? Yeah, I guess so. A geat film? Not even close. Webmasterpc77	0	Aug,,6,2004	 It Sucks adly.HarrisonB.	10	Aug,,8,2004	 Spide-Man 2 was the est supe-heo movie I've eve seen! Toey Maguie was vey good. I like Doc Ock. The stoy is vey well witten. Vey good action scenes, and good omance. It's an Academy Awad Winne fo sue. Loved it.ElizabethR.	10	Sep,17,2004	 This film shows the pogession of the elationship etween Pete and MJ vey well. If you look at the expession on MJ's face in the last scene, she is not too thilled that Pete is isking his life evey time he puts on the ed and lue. This theme folows the comics. Thei elationship floundeed seveal times ecause of Sipdey.Dave	7	Sep,22,2004	 This is the only movie I have eve scene that has an extended action scene involving a senio citizen. That alone was woth the pice of admission.ScottH.	10	Sep,29,2004	 Spide-Man 2 one wod AMAZING this was the est the fighting the we shooting was so cool it was a geat way to end the summe AMAZING.DragonKnightofFinalFantasy	10	Sep,,7,2004	 Geat flick well witten stoy, geat action, Doc Ock ocks, eveything is pefect except when Spidey loses his powes cuz he doesn' t want them lah lah lah. Anyway geat flick go watch it.alane	9	Jan,15,2005	 Wish all the supeheo movies could e this goodJamaalR.	10	Dec,15,2005	 Oh My God. I see all of you neigh-sayes complaining aout this movie. Some of you go as fa as to say that it is nothing like the comic. Tust me, anyone who eads the comics o even follow it slightly will tell you that this is what you will and should get fom the movie. It "is" EXACTLY LIKE THE COMIC.[Anonymous]	8	Jan,29,2005	 Esta muy ine paa passa el ato. Es entetenida. peo hay escenas que soan.TylerN.	10	Jan,,9,2005	 By fa the est mavel pictue to date. It puts the oiginal to shame with its supe special effects. You WILL love this movie, elieve me.mike	0	Feb,,6,2005	 I liked the fist Spideman. But spideman 2 is soooo ad!! the movie opens and they show him as a pizza delivey guy? come on! and thee 1001 othe examples of stupid things in this movie.NicholasM.	10	Mar,26,2005	 Those who hate this movie ae idiots, this is the est comic ook movie since Supeman if not the geatest Supeheo movie of all time.Jb	0	Apr,,8,2005	 Teile acting and plot. Pointless. A waste of time, money, and videotape.PeterParker	10	Jun,12,2005	 It was the est movie I have eve seen aout myself! Hope Doc Ock was dead in my life just like way it did in the end of the movie! By the way, Toey is geat as me, ut I am sue a it talle and moe wisecacking!!JayE.	10	Mar,27,2006	 Thee ae plenty of supeheo movies that povide gatuitous action--action with no cost o eason. This movie takes the time to look at its chaactes, develop them, aise the stakes fo them, thus giving the action eason. Then we cae if Aunt May is taken hostage, o whethe Doc will win that fight. Yes, this means less action. Gasp! But with moe iding on it, it is a lot moe satisfying.Joeg.	10	Jul,16,2006	Without a dout the est comic ook movie of all time. this movie had it all. and it is easy to see that fank . and the ealness ae the same exact peson tying to ing the scoe down, ecause of some asinine hated of this movie, so i am hee to ectify that.JB	7	Aug,11,2006	 Geat acting fom Raimi and the est of the cast (except Dunst). [***SPOILERS***] Unfotunately the lines wee teile as etween Pake and May Jane, and the 'happy-go-lucky' scene with Pake afte 'losing' his powes is an inappopiate splash of camp in what has een a seious, if light heated, adaptation endeavo.AnsonG.	10	Mar,,5,2007	 Lighten up people. Its not had to love this movie unless you have asolutely no aility of knowing good entetainment when u see it. Toey Maguie is geat as Pete Pake, Kisten Dunst Lovely as MJ, Alfed Molina an outstanding classic machined villain as D. Octavious tuned Docock. Evey meme of the cast is supe in thei ig o small oles, Sam Raimi the diecto seems vey sue of the scipt and his diecting and makes evey scene woth watching. Add to that a good stoy, faulous, mavelous special effects and visual sequences, an outstanding, fully suitale scoe, sound effects eyond you wildest deams , a ed-lue spidey Spandex otfit, a chuuy guys in a own coat with fou mecha-ams...well how can you not like it??? So, eithe you ae a fan of the comics, like supeheo movies, o not, you eally have to enjoy this movie. SO DONT MISS IT!RandyM.	10	Apr,10,2007	 The est comic ook movie eve made. No...no....let me ephase that. This is one of the geatest movies of all time. Asolutely poweful and just plain fun to watch.TomK	9	May,,4,2007	 This movie is the est comic ook adaptation, and is much ette than spide man 1. It was a funnie, has moe emotion and heat, geat stoy, and a fantastic action with amazing CGI on doc oc. Spideman 1 was moe of an into, ut spideman 2 displayed the wenching consequences that comes along with having all this powe.JeffV	10	Feb,14,2008	 The geatest comic ook film of all time...so fa. This one had it all. It had wondeful witing that dealt with angst,amition, loss, love, and edemption and it did so with heat as well as a dash of humo. It had well witten chaactes that wee multi-faceted and it had a talented cast to ing these chactes to life. It's action sequences(the tain fight was incedile!!!)that wee intense and entetaining, ut neve oveshadowed the chaactes. Good stuff indeed!!!MichaelM.	5	Oct,21,2004	 Eveyone aved aout this one! I didn't cae fo it. I thought the fist was so much ette than this. Spide-Man 2 is just so sappy and sentimental, it makes you foget what the oiginal comic ook stood fo. It focuses on Pete Pake dealing with life polems, instead of Spide-Man kicking ass and taking names. Thee is a eason it's called Spide-Man, and not Pete Pake. Alfed Molina made fo a cool villian, except fo at the end when he decided to tun good and help people. I have to say, I did enjoy Buce Campell's cameo. But that's aout it. Despite what the citics tell you, wait fo DVD.JoeH.	10	Jun,28,2004	 This movie was phenomenal and way supassed the 1st one in my opinion. The mix of omance, mystey, and action was teific. I highly ecommend it to anyone,MarkH.	10	Jun,28,2004	 Who wouldn't enjoy this movie? Cynics and 'atistes'.DanielaO.	10	Jun,29,2004	 Impessive, amazing, supising.ScottC.	10	Jul,11,2004	 The most spiitual film I've seen since Magnolia. I think it's an excellent film all aound, ut I do wonde if it might not possily connect with most people. It eminds me of Ang Lee's Hulk, ecause of how it uses the supeheo motif to exploe the psychology of a peson caught etween what he wants to do and what he is ale to do (Lee's Hulk doesn't do that, ut does use the Hulk metaphoically to deal with issues of age and epession). But, I found it ette than Lee's poetic film if only ecause I think it does not go so fa in that diection that it loses its feet, which ae always connected fimly in the Mavel univese. The villain, played y Alfed Molina, is well played. The stoy of D. Octopus is essentially a modenized etelling of D. Fankenstein. One thing that I found inteesting aout Spideman was in compaing Raimi's Spideman to Buton's Batman. Both have expeienced taumatic events fom thei childhoods which have made them supeheos: Buce Wayne, the mude of his paents which he witnessed as a child, and Pete Pake, the mude of his uncle, fo which he feels esponsiility. The manne in which each man was involved in that tauma seems to have made a eal diffeence in each man's specific woldview and identity. Spideman feels guilt ove his uncle's death, and as a esult, it animates him moally to sacifice all that is pecious to him to stop it fom happening. It is not so much Pake tying to exocise his past, as it is Pake eing diven y his uncle's dying wods - "with geat powe comes geat esponsiility." But Buton's Batman is diffeent. He is not esponsile fo his paents' death. He was 8 yeas old when the tagedy happened, and nothing he could've done diffeently would've changed thei fate at a andom gunman's ullet. What dives Batman is the desie fo justice - which I think to eveyone close to Buce Wayne at times looks moe like evenge than justice. It is fo these easons that I think we see Spideman teating his enemies diffeently than Batman usually does. Spideman consistently sees the humanity in his enemies. He knows that the moal weight of ou choices detemine who we ae, and that that is oth lieating, as well as a uden. But it is fo that eason that he seeks to see the humanity in his enemies, even while fighting them. We would neve see Batman speaking to Joke in the same way Pake is with D. Octopus in the closing moments of the thid act. It is, in fact, Pake's willingness to emind Octavius of his eliefs aout science as a sevant and not as a oad towads divinity that edeems this man, making him human again. Fo this and much moe, I found the woldview of Spideman 2 to e the most, thee is no othe wod, Chistian as well as psychologically sophisticated of all the supeheo comic ook movies to date. It is also a love stoy that I think should e placed in poximity to many of the geat love stoies of Hollywood histoy.RobynR	5	Jul,11,2004	 Like some of the othes hee, the melodamatic and tedious middle its in paticula lost my inteest entiely. the action was geat and ock a wothy villain (ette than the fist movie), plus i'm all fo the omantic suplot, BUT the attempt to develop maguie's chaacte got in the way of what could have een a much ette film whee he kicked utt and eventually got the gil. oveall i'm among the minoity who found the oiginal much moe entetaining, ut that might e ecause i'm ignoant of spidey's "eal" (comic ook) stoy & found the supefluous stuff out of place & distacting.MarkB.	8	Jul,11,2004	 Is it the est comic ook supeheo movie of all time? Maye, maye not. The oiginal was petty teific, and then thee's Supeman II, Tim Buton's fist Batman...ut if you compate Spidey 2 with the entetaining-ut-fogettale X-Mens, the uttely medioce Daedevil o the deadful Punishe, this comes off amazingly well. I actually thought that some of the CGI hee was LESS impessive than in the fist, especially in a sequence involving police helicoptes nea the end. Also, fo a sceenplay witten y ahighly espected Osca winne (Odinay People's Alvin Sagent), thee ae supising holes: fo the plot to wok, a cental chaacte has to go fo days (weeks?) unawae that Spidey's out of commission, and wouldn't a play y Osca Wilde have an intemission? These nitpicks aside, I have geat espect fo an action movie that loves its chaactes as much as its action sequences (ut don't woy; the latte seem to weck as many cas as H. B. Halicki and Hal Needham did in oth thei caees comined!) A highlight is a loving ut confontational scene etween Pete Pake and Aunt May; is it possile that the old gal knows moe than she's supposed to? The fact that Spidey 2 epeatedly (and gleefully) eaks a cadinal supeheo ule (which neve made much sense anyway) is only one indication of its eageness to twist o tansfom evey majo chaacte elationship fom the fist one, making this a challenging and dynamic dama as well as a teific popcon movie. Kudos to Sagent and the cast, ut especially to diecto Sam Raimi, who, given the task of inging an incedily eloved chaacte to the sceen, eally takes Uncle Ben's advice to heat: "With geat powe comes geat esponsiility".M.G.	5	Jul,13,2004	 Yet anothe fustating comic ook adaptation. The things this movie does well (Doc Ock, Spidey's we slinging, the fight scenes) ae completely offset y the vapid acting/love scenes, and the ediculous lieties the wites take with spidey's histoy. I wanted to poke my eadums out listening to MJ whine aout Pete Pake not loving he, while she's in the midst of planning a wedding. This "soap opea cud" is what passes as deep, moving, emotional stoy? A good meal of efied eans would do moe fo most people. 20 plus yeas ago, The Empie Stikes Back poved you can ceate a spectacula movie WITH a geat love stoy that ADDS to the quality of the scipt. Take a hint Raimi. A lot of us gumled when they gave Spidey "mutated we spinnes", instead of the mechanical ones Pake invented in the comics, ut we put up with it. Now we see the tue eason... so they could inset anothe insipid plot device to malfunction duing Pake's moments of emotional cisis. This is called LAZY SCRIPT WRITING. What's with Spidey taking his mask at the most inoppotune times? Moe lieties taken to make up fo lazy scipt witing. Fo the millions spent on movies like this, isn't thee someone intelligent enough to wite inteesting stoies that emain tue to the histoy of the comics? I guess not. Fo the last time... STOP CHANGING CLASSIC COMICS TO APPEAL TO THE MASSES, AND THE BOTTOM LINE!!!ColinB.	6	Jul,22,2004	 May e it?s just me ut I fo one just couldn?t get into this. I felt the fist was geat despite the at times hockey CGI ut the oiginal movie always felt complete. This appeaed a little disjointed. I might need to see this again. The action was fantastic - epic comic ook stuff ut oveall it just didn?t FLOW. it had geat the comedic moments ut may e a little to funny? *spoile alet* I felt that Spideman?s identity should have emained a secet in the tain sequence...Also i couldn?t get ove the two ig plot holes, why does dock ock need cash? possily to place odes ove the net? Also why stike up a again with Hay, suely he could have theatened to cush him to a pulp? Sue ..picky picky picky I hea you say?ut this is SPIDER-MAN folks. May e you ight! Please don?t let this eview put you off its still a geat film, its just that I love the chaacte so much. Best enjoyed when you ain is in, ?don?t think too much? mode. Enjoy 6/10.DennisP.	9	Jul,22,2004	 Excellent. Enjoyed Spidey 2 even moe than the fist movie. Kudos to Sam Raimi fo ensuing the Spideman fanchise ecieves the quality teatment it deseves.PaulP.	7	Jul,23,2004	 A fun movie, ut not as good as the fist (I disagee with most othes on this, it seems). Sam Raimi is oviously getting fa moe in touch with his -hoo oots, as displayed y an excessive amount of close up sceam-shots and unnecessay goe. Howeve, kudos to Alfed Molina fo giving much moe depth to a villain than Willem Dafoe's campy Geen Golin.PaulM.	4	Jul,31,2004	 You know the stoy needs moe cae when evey plot point hinges on some one-in-a-million coincidence. By the fifth o so I was pulling my own hai. And the damatic its wee invaialy foced, ove-the-top, too heavy-handedly sage. You know the chaacte development needs moe cae when the audience is expected to consciously, actively, and continually take fo ganted the chaactes' motivations. The most depessing pat of this movie the potential it didn't live up to. Spidey is a natually lovale comic heo. The action scenes wee geat. The diection and photogaphy likewise. Casting and acting wee fine. And the fun its wee as much fun as i can ememe having with any comic heo movie. I wish hollywood would ealize that just ecause special effects sell tickets doesn't mean thie scipts should e teated as some seconday matte of fomality.DrewH.	9	Aug,26,2004	 An excellent movie. I would say ette than the fist, the villain is much coole than the old geen golin and the effects ae amazing.MarieW.	10	Aug,28,2004	 If I could I'd give this movie a 20!! It's one of the movies oth guys and gils can watch togethe and still enjoy!! P.S. Fo the peson who ated it a 0 should stick to Gigli and Cossoads if they'e going to give the iggest gossing movie of this yea that ating. armandos	8	Jan,15,2005	 Bette than the fist movie-ette villan-it seemed that the diecto was staining too had to estalish the love stoy- howeve the special effects wee excellent and the occasional humo was welcomed-no one wants a supeheo movie to e too seious!!Peter	10	Oct,27,2005	 Hey Anonymous, "go get em tige" is May Jane's catch phase fom the comic, so it's petty easy to defend.patrick	10	Jul,23,2005	 Damtic, Romantic, and Action-Packed. This is the tagic stoy of Pete Pake and his duties as spideman. It has poweful dialouge and is one of the est movies you can find!anneonymous	8	Sep,29,2006	 This was one of the est movies I have eve seen. The special effects wee spectacula.BobR.	9	Nov,24,2007	 An incedile wok of at. Much impoved fom the fist Spide-man, this movie is possily the est supe heo film of all time.fabio	0	Nov,16,2004	 Good action scenes...ut eveything else is tuly disappointing that's not Spideman.Official	8	Nov,11,2013	Whoa, I didn't expect "Spide-Man 2" to not only e ette than the fist film, ut y quite a lot. This film is emotionally satisfying, has excellent action scenes, and geat acting. If you ae a fan of the fist movie, you must check out this exciting sequel.anshiman	9	Jan,12,2013	'Spide-Man 2' is sweet and innocent, with Raimi's potayal of honest human emotion inging the wam, thoing heat to this film that makes it so eloved. The pulchitudinous dialogue dips with humle teas and emotional depth, povoking audiences to ponde on fundamental moality though the deliveance of messages that tanscend the human ace. Danny Elfman's scoe contiutes to my ucket of teas with the aid of the seene, hamonious stokes of stings that penetate you vey soul. This film is an uplifting, poweful and mastefully cafted one; it povides the comic-ook fantasies that satisfy you inne child while coating it in a honeysuckle laye of themes that encouage good deeds to e done. It is a stoy of a man discoveing himself, dealing with inne tuulence and confusion - a stoy that defines all of us and ou stuggles in ethically complicated situations. Raimi undoutedly shows appeciation fo ich chaacte textue that elevate the impact of each chaacte's espective cathasis though the couse of the stoyline, yet leaving one to emain distued to oveall ceate a itte-sweet afte-taste and a slightly open ending. Put simply, 'Spide-Man 2' is an asolute delight that impoves on the oiginal and goes down as one of the est sequels of all-time, with The Empie Stikes Back, The Dak Knight, Supeman II and The Godfathe 2. 'With geat powe comes geat esponsiility'MonsieurEames	9	Jul,12,2012	This is the est of the Spide-Man movies. Along with iding a lot of the success of the fist film, Spide-Man 2 upgades the seies with geat effects, a moe human villain, emotional enaissance and humo.Iky009	8	Jan,,6,2014	Melhoou muito em elação ao seu ótimo pimeio filme.    Compi24	9	Nov,28,2012	Taking nealy evey element of the fist film and elevating it, "Spide-Man 2" is eveything a sequel should e and moe.Rox22	8	Mar,14,2013	Fa supeio to the fist film. The movie does a eally good jo at showing Pake's elationship with Octavius that is simila to the comics. Alfed Molina is just fantastic as D Octopus, a eal shame he didn't have his accent fom the comics and catoon seies, ut that eally was just a mino quip. The movie eally does a geat jo at showing Pake's stuggle to e oth Pete Pake and Spide-man, ganted it's eally tamed down fom the comics ut consideing thee is a limited amount of sceen time they do a decent jo of it. Oveall: Poaly the est Spide-Man movie in the fanchise so fa.christhebeast42	8	Apr,21,2013	Let me stat y saying that this is NOT the est spide-man movie. While good, I don't think that toey maguie was good as spide-man(same fo kisten dunst, who played MJ). James Fanco was good, awesome suway acton sequence, and whoeve played J. Jonah Jameson was excellent. This movie was good, ut nothing moe than good.Memburg	9	May,23,2014	This film is, without a dout, the definitive cinematic Spide-Man expeience, fo people who ae into all genes and of all ages. It has excellent ove-the-top supeheo action, pee-you-pants humou, and est of all, y fa the est Spide-Man villain, Docto Octopus, who is wondefully potayed in this pictue. Maguie is the pefect Pete Pake, Kisten Dunst does a top jo as May Jane. My only eal citicism of this film is that a lot of the dialogue is athe weak, and a lage amount of the extas ae athe unealistically steile. But all of this makes fo an outstanding supeheo film, and one that I would e happy to come ack to time and time again.Malevolent	9	Jun,13,2013	This is a geat movie. The stoy is geat and the action sequences ae awesome. Alfed Molina was geat as Doc Ock and James Fanco nailed it again as Hay Oson. As a ig Spidey fan, I have to say that this movie is ette than the fist one.12hilbke	9	Jul,,3,2013	Spide-Man 2 is one of the est supeheo movies I've eve seen, and in my opinion, ette than the fist movie due to geat special effects, a geat stoy, and Alfed Molina's pefomance as Doc Ock.FranzHcritic	9	Jul,29,2014	A deepe movie than the fist, not just aout the cool action sequences, ut aout life, love, loss, and gief. The sequel outshines the oiginal movie, which focused on the eginning, while in 'Spide Man 2', the pathos is moe pagmatic and conveys some emotion, which few action movies do. The acting, specifically the complexity of Alfed Molina, is natual and doesn't come off as latantly campy. The effects ae cool, the diection is spot on. Hadly anything to complain aout.cag11	8	Nov,29,2013	This is a pefect comic ook movie, plus a sequel. I had high expectations since I saw the fist Spideman movie. And I got to say, it eally met up to my expectations. If you ween't a fan of the Spideman comics, o the oiginal shows and whatnot, this can change you mind.ThatCooperGuy	9	Oct,,8,2015	The second film could e a unne-up fo my favoite comicook movie. The fist one was campy, ut this film I'd ague is legitimately good. It is goofy, ut ememe that it's a COMICBOOK movie, so it can pass. It's an entetaining flick fom eginning to end and has a lot of heat. I much pefe the extended cut(Spide-Man 2.1) since it extends the aleady illiant action scenes and gives some moe moments to the suppoting chaactes. It may e ove ten-yeas-old, ut it's still the est Spide-Man movie. It's poaly in my Top 10 All Time Favoite Films, it just leaves you with such a satisfying feel at the end, which kind of makes Spide-Man 3 all the moe disappointing...marcmyworks	9	Dec,,2,2013	The est Spide-Man film eleased and one of the geatest supeheo movies of all time.  The emotion oozes and the tension ises in this sequel. Alfed Molina is pefect as Doc Ock.RayzorMoose	5	Nov,12,2013	Spide-man 2 doesn't excite.Just a continuation of the aveage Pete Pake with the same powes, the same polems, and the same gil that he can't seem to get. Spide-man 2 plays out an unealistic villain with cheesy dialogue and no eal spectacula elements.himynameisart	10	May,,3,2014	This movie was pefect, Alfed Molina was fantastic as Doc Occ, the elationship etween Hay and Pete was good, eveything in this movie was awesome. The fact that people pefe the newe movies simply ecause Andew Gafield is moe handsome is so feaking stupid?!! Toey Maguie nail it with his acting in this movie!Meth-dude	7	Apr,19,2014	Spide-man 2 is way much ette than the fist ecause thee is moe action and moe suspense.Octopus is my favouite villain in spide-man and what is wong with him is that he dies at the end.Bronson	8	Apr,28,2014	The follow up to Sam Raimi's 2002 "spide-Man" lived up to the hype and didn't disappoint. This is the est Spidey film to date and one of the top 5 supeheo movies of all time. The new villain this time is Doc Ock played y Alfed Molina and oy did he tun in a masteful pefomance. I couldn't see anyone else play this ole ette. Geat film. A must watch.AkashVijay	7	Jan,24,2015	Although it's fa fom pefect, Spideman 2 is pecisely the sot of film that I'm always impessed y. It leaps eyond it's oigins and deals with something diffeent and unconventional. It talks aout- the uden of esponsiility, the uden of eing a supeheo, how it's not exactly the deam jo. Thee ae thousands of childen aound the wold who tun off thei lights at night, shut thei eyes and pay fo supepowes. Sam Rami's Spideman 2 ties to point out that pehaps one should think twice. "With geat powe comes geat esponsiility". A supeheo has to make sacifices and give up the things he wants most, even his deams. The film uilds this idea wondefully till the ending whee they completely thow eveything out of the window so as to make way fo the sappy, hollywood manufactued ending. But despite the infuiating puppy dog happy ending foced into the film, it's still Mavel's est film to date.SpiderPlayer	10	May,17,2015	Geat movie, geat and inteesting histoy, the elationship etween Pete Pake and May Jane is good, good action scenes, the film shows the polems and esponsiilities of Pete Pake, shows that it is not a supe invincile heo.borderlinefilms	9	Feb,,4,2015	Supeheoes Anonymous Tagically I am a Batman. An osessive Caped Cusade comic-ook collecto until 1972 when my evil mothe tossed the entie unch in the gaage. My cousin was Spide-man. His nole mothe peseved his collection with plastic envelopes and to this day they emain in pistine condition. What's tuly tagic aout eing a Batman is that, despite Nolan's ecent attempts (and questionale sinceity), the est Batman movie hasn't een made yet. As fa as we know, with Batman's fate esting with Wane Bos, David Goye, Zak Snide and Ben Affleck, the est Batman movie will not e possile fo anothe decade o two, maye thee. I await thee Dak Knight. Again to my cousin's good fotune, the est movie aout Spide-man has een estalished fo quite some time. In fact, as a enchmak, it is agualy the est comic-ook supe-heo movie eve made. I didn't much love Sam Raimi's fist Spide-man, and wished my mothe could have disposed of his last enty, ut Spide-man 2 was, and is, the ultimate movie adaptation fom comic-ooks to the movie sceen. I was living in Shanghai in the summe of 2004 whee I had to commute 3 hous on a hot and dizzy day to see it in English, and was fully ewaded fo the effot. I was thust into a imaginay supe-heo wold fa moe pleasing than anything I could ememe since childhood. The 3 hou commute ack home seemed like a eeze ecause Spide-man 2 awoke the wonde-stuck oy inside me. It eminded me of a happy youth I fogot I had. It felt like Spidey was on the suway with me and would potect me fom any ham. And he was just a oy himself! Batman? Who's that? Fo a supe-heo stoy, nealy eveything is pefect in this movie. Doc Ock couldn't have een ette. He looked exactly the way he did, at the height of Stan Lee's eminence, in the ightly coloued panels fighting Spideman in 1968. And sounded just like I imagined he would. Pete and May Jane wee in thei element and thei fiendship and omantic undetaking actually matteed. The stoy and action played out the way a comic ook should. It was oth intimate and fantastic. Tippy, wondeful and scay. It was like gowing up all ove again. The climax was a it too flashy, loud and ove-the-top at that time, ut y today's standads, when compaed to climactic tain-wecks in Man of Steel, Ion Man 3 and the Avenges, it's pefectly splendid. We ae now eing helplessly omaded with comic ook movies attacking us fom evey diection, all of them tying to out-do each othe, jumping one shak afte anothe. Evey maginal supeheo fom D Stange to Shazam is eing dusted off and huled onto the ig sceen fo ou insatiale happy-childhood-appeasing appetite. The Mavel of Disney is launching at us one theme-pak olle-coaste ide afte anothe. Sony, with thei Amazing Spide-man aominations, has completely lost it. Fox's X-Men and Fantastic Fou polifeations hit the wall long ago. And DC, unde the eigns of Wane Bos, has tansfigued into its own wost enemy. A wetched mutation not even the Joke finds amusing. Tuns out Sam Raimi's Spideman 2 is the gold standad y which all comic-ook movies, cetainly those of the supe-heo vaiety, ae and, evidently, will e set. Lucky cousin.SythusRATINGS	9	Oct,22,2014	In the second installment in the Spide-Man seies, ased on the classic Mavel Comics heo, Toey Maguie etuns as the mild-manneed Pete Pake, who is juggling the delicate alance of his dual life as a college student and a supehuman cime fighte. The entetaining adventue escalates and Spide-Man's life ecomes even moe complicated when he confonts a new nemesis, the illiant Otto Octavius, (Molina) who has een eincanated as the maniacal and multi-tentacled "Doc Ock."JohnMasterL	10	Aug,,6,2015	La mejo película de Supe Héoes de todos los tiempos. Spide-Man 2 es mejo que su antecesoa en todos los aspectos, los efectos especiales son inceíles, las actuaciones siguen siendo excelentes y soe todo, Alfed Molina ofece un excelente villano y de lejos uno de los mejoes vistos en cine. La histoia de esta segunda pate es asomosa, divetida y damática a la vez , violenta y oscua sin dudalo, peo soe todo, ofece un mensaje único y conmovedo. Ah, olvide menciona que esta película tiene una de las mejoes secuencias de acción que eh visto en mucho tiempo, la escena de Spide-Man VS Docto Octopus en el ten es épica, illante y emocionante. Repito: Es la mejo película de Supe Héoes que eh visto en mucho tiempo, si hacemos un TOP, detás de Spide-Man 2 le sigue Ion Man y Ant ManSonic45X	10	Nov,26,2014	10 yeas late and it's still one of the est if not the est Spide-Man movie eve and in my opinion the est supe heo movie. it has geat action, a geat stoy, a geat cast of chaactes and geat music to top it all off. If you a Spide-Man fan (o just love supe heo movies) and haven't watched the movie, (o if you haven't seen it in a long while) than I stongly ecommend getting the film.WamblyHades	10	Nov,12,2014	Soy un gan fan de Spide-Man, y esta película me paece una oa de ate. Buena histoia, uena acción y uenos efectos especiales. Sin duda, Spide-Man 2 es la mejo película de Spide-Man de todas y una de las mejoes películas de supehéoes de todos los tiempos.DBPirate1129	10	Jan,11,2015	Without a dout, this movie impoves upon the oiginal with a ette and moe undestandale villain in the fom of Doc Ock. It's definitely anothe must-see film diected y Sam Raimi.emiliomiceli31	10	Aug,,8,2015	el home aaña 2 es un 100% maavilla  aun mejo que su pocesedo y una de las majoes peliculas de mavel comics asadas en spideman junto a su pecuelaBernolsven	8	Jan,26,2015	[Potuguese] Decaiu em compaação com o pimeio filme mas continuou em legal de se ve, vi váias vezes, mas esse Homem-Aanha já estava começando a me incomoda devido ao seu jeito choão.UltimateBub	10	Feb,,1,2015	This may e a vey pesonal opinion, ut I think "Spide-Man 2" is the est supeheo film eve made, so fa. It's slightly supeio to the oiginal on evey way.  Also, Docto Octopus as a villain, he's the est. And, if thee's one chaacte moe impotant o ette than Spide-Man himself, that's Pete Pake. You get to know Pete's feelings and pesonal toules so well that y the end of the film you end up caing not only fo him, ut also fo his family, fiends and acquaintances. And that is the definition of a pefect movie.homer4president	9	Mar,13,2015	It may take a while fo the action to stat up in Spide-Man 2, ut when it does, it's geat. This sequel deals on the inne tumoil ou potagonist must face not only as Spide-Man, ut as an adult living in the eal wold - a nice contast y the wite(s). The new villain, Doc Oc, is way ette than The Geen Golin could eve hope to achieve. He's a stuggling soul just as Spide-Man, only his has een focused on ette achieving what he failed to do, as is Spide-Man's - saving the wold afte the death of his uncle. The scipth hee is geat. The acting once again, vey well done, Simmon's chaacte is wondeful. The music is asically the same fom the fist, a misstep y the compose Danny Elfman. Oveall, this is a geat sequel and could vey well exist had the fist not een made.teddyluke	8	Apr,,6,2015	spide-man 2 I though is ette then the fist film. I think the villain was way ette then the last villain we had in spide man 1. even mey Jane Watson plays a ette pat in this film.MovieManiac83	8	Apr,22,2015	The 2002 ox-office smash Spide-Man didn't just waant a sequel; it demanded one. Sam Raimi's supeheo epic was a textook example of how to ing a eloved comic ook to the ig sceen with its spiit intact, just as its teific follow-up illustates how a sequel can uild and expand on its pedecesso athe than simply cannializing it. Simultaneously funnie, dake, and moe emotional than its foeea, Spide-Man 2 opens with its we-slinging potagonist (Toey Maguie, deftly alancing action and angst) at a low e. Tied of his indecisiveness, his would-e gilfiend Kisten Dunst has moved on to a less conflicted suito. Maguie's gig as a feelance photogaphe is constantly in dange, while pofesso Dylan Bake views him as illiant ut lazy, little ealizing that Maguie's extacuicula activities involve moe than the usual ong-huffing and channel-sufing. Cacking unde the stain of his thankless jo escuing a egulaly impeiled New Yok that still views him with suspicion, and dismayed y a sudden eduction in his we-slinging ailities, Maguie decides to etie his Spide-Man ensemle and pusue the simple pleasues that come with not having to save the wold. His esolve is tested, howeve, when Alfed Molina damatically tansfoms fom an endeaingly doky scientist to supe-villain D. Octopus, a malevolent, David Coneneg-esque fusion of man and machine with siniste mechanical ams that have an evil will all thei own. Raimi and his sceenwites—including two-time Academy Awad winne Alvin Sagent and novelist Michael Chaon—use thei chaactes' supehuman powes to amplify the issues and concens of a human stoy. Spide-Man 2 westles with conflicts etween powe and esponsiility, ut the filmmakes smatly counte heavy dama with goofy comedy, mining a ich vein of humo in the juxtaposition of the mundane and the supeheoic. Maguie and Molina excel at opposite ends of the moal spectum, ut the film is stolen once again y J.K. Simmons as Maguie's elligeent, elentlessly self-seving motomouth of a oss, whose office is a loving oasis of eto scewall comedy, anachonistic haistyles and all. Molina's tomented man-machine is a stunning technical and ceative achievement, a teifying monste who moves with the siniste shudde of an impending eathquake and fights a mostly losing attle with his own mind and ody. His weidly expessive mechanical ams alone have moe pesonality than most human movie chaactes, ut Molina's pefomance ensues that the man doesn't get lost in the machiney. In that sense, he's a it like Spide-Man 2 itself: a lockuste with temendous emotional esonance, a special-effects extavaganza with soul.Urbanlistener	10	Apr,17,2016	While this the fist one had a light tone and an emphasis on fun, this movie was ale to supass the fist one in quality and enjoyment while having a much dake and seious tone. The cast still does a fantastic jo and D. Octopus is the est Mavel villain to date. His chaacte is incedily well developed, emotionally esonant and inteesting. The stoy is vey coheent, thilling and heatfelt. This movie is a supeheo film mastepiece. Evey single aspect of this movie, evey eat, evey chaacte, evey action scene, evey CG effect and evey stoy ac is pefectly on point and how it should e. Thee is asolutely nothing wong with this film, a gloiously smat lockuste y Sam Raimi. The est Mavel movie eve.darkbloodshed13	7	Nov,,8,2015	Sam Raimi has once again impessed me whit cinematic style. Spide-Man 2 stats a few yeas afte the fist one. we see that eve since taking on the mantle of Spide-Man Pete Pake's life has ecome a disoganized and depessing this leads him to having inne conflict on whethe o not he should emain as Spide-Man o if he should just stay as Pete Pake. We as he audience aleady know that he is going to stay as Spide-Man it's still cool to watch Pete's evolution. Now the iggest complaint that most people have aout his movie is that it is to cheesy and they'e ight it is cheesy, ut all that does is had to cham of the film. Then thee's the villain, Docto Octopus, who is a scientist who went mad afte accidentally killing his eloved. Now he is equipped with 4 electonic ams and has plan that could destoy all of New Yok. This villain is pefect consideing that he was a man that wanted to do geat things ut failed and now has gone mad. Anothe good pat to this movie is the Aunt May who seves a igge pupose in this movie than last even getting in a few lows on the villain. The only thing missing is that typical Spide-Man cham, with chaming ante and wit-full comeacks. In conclusion if you liked the fist movie than you'll love this one.TheDude-	10	Jul,18,2015	Spideman 2 is my favouite comic ook film mainly ecause the pefomances ae top notch the stoy is intiguing the action is exhilaating the chaactes ae vey well fleshed out ugh I love this movie!!!.waronasserman	8	May,,2,2015	Such a fun movie! I love Spide-Man 2! so much of it! especially that memoale tain fight etween Spidey and Doc Ock agualy one of the geatest action sequences of all timeNatT96	10	Aug,19,2015	This is oviously one of the most memoale movie duing my childhood. I watch oth 2 and 2.1 and the plot was just so damn good, it gave you exteme pulse acing visuals that eally let you see though his eyes, Spide Man's pesonality is one anyone can liteally ecome apat of. The action scenes ae actually vey ealistic, I enjoyed that the poduces actually put Pete in ealistic situations that just always pushed the limits of his possiilities.This film made him one of my favoite supe heoes, I wish they used this same type of ceativity in the new films.CineAutoctono	8	Dec,,5,2015	Spide - Man 2 was a film in which shoulde a good scipt and a good pefomance fom ou favoite playes , the ise , fall and evival of ou aachnid supeheo.Jefferygamer200	10	Oct,13,2015	This is the est Spide-Man movie I've eve seen. It takes what the made oiginal Spide-Man movie geat and impoves on it. Love the music as well as the fighting this is my favoite Supe heo film out of them all.aadityamudhar	8	Apr,18,2016	A geat sequel that follows on closely afte the events of the fist film. It's just as fast-paced and entetaining, and with the majoity of the main playes ack fo ound two any fans of the fist film will enjoy this one. Any of the Spide-Man films ae cetainly one of my favouites when it comes to Supeheo movies, and this is no exception as its nothing ut a joy to watch. I think the thid and final chapte in this tilogy fell a little, ut the sequel is a quality Action film.EpicLadySponge	8	Jan,22,2016	While Spide-Man eing the est of the fanchise, this second unne-up still has its visual details fom the fist movie and ought us the chillness ack.perkjl	10	Jan,,4,2016	I love the fist two enties of Sam Raimi's Spide-Man movie adaptions! They make me feel all giddy inside! I always loved Toey Maguie as Spidey! Spide-man 2 is a impovement fom the fist with even moe memoale action sequences and CGI! Spide-Man 1&2 ae y fa some of the est supeheo films of all time.Farzan003	10	Jan,11,2016	Spide-Man 2 gives you eveything that an action sci-fiction movie should give.If you wanna see the est action scenes of 2004 (o maye the est of all) with a vey stong and touching stoy,so Spide-Man 2 is you film.Blanche	10	Jun,28,2016	So not only was the game fo this title amazing, so was the film. Asolutely loved it. The cast wee illiant and each played vital oles. They potayed vey eal, ollecoaste emotions though a geat scipt. Sadness, happiness o just comedy, the film had it all. Alfed Molina as a villain was paticulaly spectacula. All these wondeful chaacteistics comined with the sensational action sequences and fantastic musical scoing, made the whole media pehaps one of the most memoale supe heo films I've eve seen. Simply amazing. I'd go as fa as to say this will e consideed and looked ack as a classic fo the supe heo comic ook gene in film.AgentVenom117	9	Feb,21,2016	The est adaptation of Spide-Man to eve appea on film and it's easily one of the geatest non MCU films to come out, Toey Maguie is incedile in this ole and you genuinely feel soy fo the guy as he gets ad luck afte ad luck and the est of the cast especially James Fanco and J.K Simmons completely own thee oles. The stoy is incedile and shows the stuggle that Spide-Man goes though evey day tying to alance eing a supeheo and a student/photogaphe ut he meets a scientist called Otto Octavius played y Alfed Molina (who is amazing in this film) and he is tying to emulate the powe of the sun to give unlimited powe to eveyone in the city. But when the expeiment goes wong and kills his wife and his metal ams that he ceated to ty and contain the miniatue sun gets pemanently attached to him, and the A.I takes ove him and dives him insane and thus the stoy continues and I won't spoil the movie if you haven't seen it and if you haven't check it out.FilmClub	9	Mar,27,2016	The pleasue is douled in “Spide-Man 2.” Cackejack entetainment fom stat to finish, this ousing yan aout a eluctant supeheo and his equally conflicted fiends and enemies impoves in evey way on its pedecesso and is agualy aout as good a live-action pictue as anyone’s eve made using comicook chaactes. In one of those occasional examples of sequelmakes setting thei sights highe the second time aound and mostly hitting the mak, diecto Sam Raimi, poduces Laua Ziskin and Avi Aad & Co., athe than equating igge with ette, have conscientiously applied themselves to impoving all aspects of the fanchise. Conspicuously, the action sequences ae moe exciting, the visual effects — paticulaly Spide-Man’s swings though the canyons of Manhattan — ae fa moe natual and compelling and even Danny Elfman’s scoe is impoved. Most impotantly, howeve, the scipt povides a depth and damatic alance quite ae in this sot of fae. Alvin Sagent, a distinguished vet sceenwite est known fo such estimale chaacte-diven fae as “Pape Moon,” “Julia,” “Odinay People” and “Unfaithful,” did uncedited ewites on the fist “Spide-Man.” Hee, woking fom a stoy devised y Alfed Gough, Miles Milla and Michael Chaon, he makes at least five chaactes into totued souls with momentous decisions to make and places them all in a naative fame within which the elated elements ae adoitly popotioned. Result is an oject lesson in how, even fo this sot of fae, the scipt can vey much e the thing. Unlike the last ound of “Batman” films, which got sillie with each installment, “Spide-Man” is on the upswing, an impession fosteed even y the opening cedits, which esemle the comicook style of those in the oiginal ut incopoate aesting endeings of key scenes to ecapitulate the fist pictue’s stoy. At the outset, Spide-Man is on a sot of hiatus, taking a ack seat to the umling effots of Pete Pake (Toey Maguie) to juggle his studies at Columia with pat-time gigs taking pictues fo the taloid Daily Bugle and deliveing pizzas on a stict schedule, which even Spidey’s est we-swinging can’t manage successfully. Opening section quickly pulls the viewe close to Pete y sympathetically and amusingly detailing the difficulties of his stuggle to make ends meet in a tough city. He’s constantly eminded of his inexpessile feelings fo May Jane (Kisten Dunst), whose face on a pefume campaign is plasteed all ove the city and who’s enjoying success onstage in a evival of “The Impotance of Being Eanest.” Diven y a deep need to succeed whee his fathe Noman failed, and still tomented ove his death, Hay Oson (James Fanco) has invested heavily in the eseach of scientific genius D. Otto Octavius (Alfed Molina), who elieves he’s on the vege of ceating a souce of pepetual enegy though sustained fusion. As the altuistic Octavius tells the admiing Pete, who intends to wite his thesis on him, this eakthough will put “the powe of the sun in the palm of my hand.” But just as Noman Oson’s expeiment tuned him into a demented villain, so does Octavius’; in font of numeous onlookes, his electical gizmos ust a gut and his fou enomous metal “activatos” tun into mudeous tentacles of staggeing speed and stength, and capale of tanspoting the ceatue soon to e dued D. Octopus, o Doc Ock, up and down walls with ease. At the stoy’s pecise midway point, Pete tosses his Spide-Man costume in the tash. A light-heated intelude, cheekily accompanied y “Raindops Keep Fallin’ on My Head,” illustates the moe alanced and happie young man Pete is ale to ecome without the specte of Spide-Man constantly hoveing ove him; he hopes his fesh appoach to life will win May Jane ove efoe it’s too late, and in the again confesses to Aunt May his guilt fo his pat in the death of Uncle Ben (Cliff Roetson, seen in one quasi-deam sequence). The new emotional levels and inceased oppotunities povided y the scipt give the actos a chance to stetch, and they all espond, none moe than Maguie. Running the gamut fom heoic knight to heatoken suito, thesp is a constant delight, his lightness of touch poviding many gace notes to what was aleady a lively chaacteization. Dunst gets moe sceentime than efoe and fleshes out the damsel-in-distess aspects of he pat with a nice potait of a young woman tying to figue out whee he futue lies. With Aunt May finally, afte two yeas of mouning, tying to move on, Hais has much moe to do and does it with he customay excellence, and Fanco pushes Hay into an unanticipated dak ealm. Molina’s initial geniality mophs into a detemined ut unmaniacal evil, although the lack of a specific focus fo his destuctiveness makes Doc Ock's eal pupose a it fuzzy. A geat follow-up to Spide-Man!avamiller21	9	May,,5,2016	Doc Oc is the est Spidey villain in the comics and the est in the movies. Watch it online fo fee: http://www.watchfee.to/watch-4d3-Spide-Man-2-movie-online-fee-putlocke.htmlMordoReviewer	9	May,29,2016	One of my favouite supeheo movies of all time since Captain Ameica tiologyThis changed eveything and made it a geat dama with geat chaactes and a good stoyThis is the est Spideman movie eve made, without doutsAaron_Wasserman	8	May,31,2016	Still the geatest Spide-Man movie to date. Filled with geat action, heat, emotion and a complex stoy that eally does make you feel fo Pete. The movie does suffe fom poo dialogue etween MJ and Pete. This movie has one of the geatest action sequences in a comic ook movie, the Tain sequence. 8.5/10EricRom	8	Jul,,4,2016	Well wow. It's kind of eally late ut I watched it ove TV and couldn't wait to shae my views.Fistly, Toy is my spideman foeve and that's not changing. I ememe eading this eview http://it.ly/29smOqf that descies the movie in an apt way. I give it a 8 (2 less cause I didn't like may jane)s10721314	10	Jul,19,2016	Really Good Movie, impoves on the oiginal, Dock Ock is a eally good villain and is the est villain in the Spide-Man Tilogy. Sam Raimai has witten a mastepiece that will e ememeed fo yeas to comeMasterRiley	10	Jul,20,2016	One of the est supe heo movies eve made. The fist movie was geat, ut somehow this movie is ette in evey way possile. A ette villain, ette action, ette choeogaphy, and moe emotional stoy make this the ultimate viewing of you fiendly neighouhood Spide-Man.