HaroonAwan	7	May,19,2007	Amazing looking scenes, visual effects ae fist class and funny. Howeve, thee was too much going on. And, what was the stoy-line again? Fight his est fiend; Hay Oson? Nope, that only happened fo 5 minutes... Get id of the Black Suit? No, that only happened fo aout an hou... Fight Venom? Still no; that was fo aound 15 minutes... (Next time we should see moe of the ue villain) And what in tanation did Maguie do to his hai half way though? Back to asics with the next one (if thee will e) please.KveldaV.	6	May,22,2007	I agee with what someone of this oad said... this kind of movie should e done fo he oad masses o fo the fan ase... sadly, i feel it doesn't satisfy any of them. As a movielove, i dont need cony and cheesy dialogues, o fo the fx to ovelap the stoyline, o pedictale plots (i eally hate that the Sandman was the "kille" of Ben), o an ovethown of supevillains one afte the anothe, I appeciate and I'm thankful (as a movielove) fo the popcon kind of movie -as it allows me (is it all the pofits come fom the tickets o also fom the snacks fo a movie that lasts ove two hous)-, i appeciate the sometimes well executed comedy (honestly, the scene of the dancin' is, as a lack of a ette wod, amusing), and some action. As a fan, I hated (as much as I like Haden and Gace) the casting fo the villains... why don't you make a movie aout spidey and venom, the ock's appoach to aunt may and the attle in the each? Venom is eally eally deep and funny and cinic (please, can anyone hie Todd Mc Falane as a wite fo the next film?)why don't you make a movie aout the Hay's osesion to tell the wold who's Spidey, intoducing Liz, Raxton and even, Noman j.? the hated, the complexity... Is it me o in the movie left a piece of the alien symiote in Conno's la?SteveK.	3	May,,6,2007	[***SPOILERS***] This movie is ad. It is not good. I epeat, it is ad. Howeve, I must add that I am 29 yeas old. I saw this movie with a goup of 26 people, anging fom 9-35. Eveyone ove the age of 18 hated it. And most of the people unde the age of 18 liked it. So whee do we egin? Fist off, as many have noted, thee ae too many villains. They all contiiute to the themes of the movie ut none ae fully fleshed out. And I am sick of movies using pedictale coincedences to move the plot along. [**SPOILERS***] Seiously, the one guy who happens to fall into a pit whee scientists ae changing the molecula popeties of sand just happens to e the guy who killed Pete's uncle? And the one peson on eath that happens to stumle upon the alien symiote just happens to e Spide-Man? When Pete and MJ ae fighting, Gwen Stacy just happens to e eating in the same estauant? When Spide-Man gets the alien suit off, Eddie Bock just happens to e in the same chuch? You can not e seious! Most movies ely on one o two coincidences to move the plot along, ut this is just asud. The fights just seem to dag on as does this movie. Pete's dak side is potayed so comically, it's laughale. Sand Man's powe is so ill-defined that it is not clea at all what this guy can do. Oveall, this movie is the iggest movie disappointment since Matix Revolutions. It gets an A fo special effects, and Venom is nicely done (fo the whole 10 minutes he appeas in this movie), ut the movie is a mess. And did I mention how ad this film is? I know you'e going to watch it anyways. But you wee waned.Zilcell	8	May,11,2012	With this Spide-Man you have a stoy that is diffeent fom its pedecessos. Now thee ae multiple villains. It may seem like a lot to handle in one film, ut somehow the action and stoy wok out in the end. This is the most tagic Spide-Man of them all.UltimatE	8	Feb,29,2012	Spide-man 3 sue has it's faults and flaws. The final cheapte in the spide tiogy waps up the fancise geatly and the CGI is dazzling as anything. Sadley though spide-man 3 is so despate to out-live the amazing spide-man 2 that it woks too had with way too many villans. Fist of all, if you gonna go ahead with spidey 3 then keep in mind that,ll you eithe e lown away o damn ight disappointed. Mixed eviews ae eveywhee on the intenet so watch with an open mind. Fist of all the fight scenes ae amazing! oh and thee's action! Real action with mind lowing CGI. Howeve though, the film spins a messy plot going to the next chaacte and then to the next one. It's also to note that once spidey goes ad, the film even ty's to e funny showing a dance scene with pete ( no! you ead that ight!) a dance scene! You may just e mad with laughte o myle you,ll come acoss the WTF facto. Eithe way though despite the films flaws, spide-man 3 has a dake tone and message then the othe two films and also  has the eatiful message of fogiveness and choices in the film which to me, was what i found to e the est pat of the film. The film waps the tiogly up geatly and y doing so changes the wall clawes ogin stoy. A iskly move i know and some people thought wong of this ut i fo one thought that it payed off as it makes pete gow up moe with fogiveness in his heat athe then evenage. Something that ae own heats lack and need to e taught with as well. We always have a choice to do the ight thing and its why that this film has the est theme in all of thee spide-man films. Spide-man 3 may not live up to spide-man 2 which is a tue fact ut ea in mind though that it has moe heat then spide-man 2 and message. that even the est of us need to lean. Venom was myle a pointless figue in the film ut to e honest i just think that venom was a election of what pete could of ecome and also what we could ecome if we live with evenage in ou own heats foeve. Don't expect venom to geat in the film, let alone e that much in the film eithe ut Raimi didn't even want this guy in the film ut instead used him to tell the next stoy of pete pake.  Oh and thee's also a death in the film as well, two deaths actualy ( one a villian y no supise since this a spide-man film)  and one is just anothe message as well. A message that shows even if we can edeem ae ae selfs fom ad choices, we,ll stay have to pay fo what we chose to dofo making the wong choice's in life. To sum it all up, spide-man 3, depsite it's faults, is the est spide-man film with a heat and message. Despite not eaching the level of spide-man 2, the final film has eath taking CGI and finsh's off the tiogy on level. Say what you what aout this film, love it o hate it, people say only fans who ead the comics only know how this is a ad film. Well guass what? This is coming fom a ig spide-man who loves the comics and also loves this film as well! Thee's toll's evey whee on the intenet who ip this film to sheds ut i don't cae. Thee's moe postive then negative eviews on this site, use's put a moe postive eviews hee which has out-weighed the ad ones so i know that thee's othe people who think the same as i do. It's not a ad film ut a damn good fllm in it's own light. Besides, despite that spide-man 4 may e cancelled, spide-man 3 wapped the fanise up geatly and it did a damn fine jo to end one of the most loved supe-heo seies eve to come.mrmonster	9	May,31,2012	Spide-man 3 was an epic supeheo adventue. Eveyone will love this movie. With intense violence, a geat plot, and  Mavel's coolest supeheo, you can't help ut like Spide-man 3.rajatshukla	6	May,,3,2007	i am one of the iggest spidey fans...saw the pemie show on 2 may ... ut the movie was not upto my expectations... a lot of money has een spent on special effects(thee  out 7 to 8 fights as thee ae 3 villans) ut its all hooj paoch.. stoy line is not as good as spidey 1 and 2... ending has een extended.. i think it could have een made much ette if concentation was on only main chaactes like lack spidey and sandman... toy could e seen without his spidey mask in action and hay oson chaacte is cool as geen golin!!NathanC.	10	May,,5,2007	 A vey inteesting movie. This movie kept me on my toes, was touching, and was hillaious. Fom a film citic's point of view, it was okay. But the fact that it kept me oaing, laughing thoughout, as well as showing its gipping poignancy shows that it is a illiant undeated film of the DECADE!!! Also, Toey Maguie was illiant when he stated to go ad, ecause it shows that people should take on moal esponsiility and shouldn't hold gudges.EricCotter	3	May,10,2007	 Easily the most disappointing movie I've eve seen. Not fun at all, way too cheesy fo a Spidey flick (seiously, the whole teaming up pat at the end, and then the shamefully idiculous dance scene). Bad guys don't seem like they should e ad. All the chaactes ae emotionally distant. The fight scenes ae all ight, ut nothing like those in the pevious movies. Clealy wanted to take the Batman apoach and e moe dak and siniste, ut failed so ad. Sam Raimi can do ette, ut now he'll poaly neve get the chance to edeem himself with the seies. Thee have een talks of going on without him, and now it's ovious why.EncylopediaBrown	0	May,,4,2007	 This is what it looks like when a fanchise tuns a gun on itself.JackB	8	Apr,27,2008	 I enjoyed this film and the eview ive given it is possily skewed having just witnessed "The Condemned" which entes the top 10 wost films of all time. Spide-man takes a diffeent appoach fom the fist 2 films coming to lows with fiends and loved ones fom the stat. His chaacte is developing and moe so in this film than the pevious 2. I'm not a fan of the comics, so im not sue aout the histoy etc and can undestand some fans ange, howeve puely as someone new to the film/seies, i enjoyed it oveall. I enjoyed seeing something a it diffeent. What iitated me was the lack of explanation, what on eath was that evil lack thing? SPOLIER - When Hay pinned May Jane up against the wall then she dumped Pete, what was actually said thee? The film howeve does povide some answes. Comine a decent scipt with a mega udget, plenty of action and a good cast and you'e set. A good film to watch on a Satuday night with the family o a few mates...o the gilfiend. Pesonally i watched it alone and that was fine too!ThatCooperGuy	5	Jun,25,2015	A poo potayal of Venom, a land Sandman, and teile elationship polems with Pete & MJ. Spide-Man 3 is ovely stuffed and has a vey sloppy stoy, ut I think it's finally gowing on me. It's so ad it's good.YellowKirby	7	Sep,27,2015	Fist of all, who caes if thee ae too many villains? That just makes it moe awesome! And although it takes a while fo Venom to finally show up, it's all woth it in the end just fo his vey appeaance in the tilogy! It was fun and action-packed, which is what we want to see in supe heo movies, ight?BarneyOnMT	6	Jan,,6,2016	WHAT I LIKED: The plot has moe layes than othe Spide Man films, plus it shakes some of the cheesie aspects of the pevious ones. The acumilation of eveything at the end is geat too.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE: All the good wok with chactes and elationships in Spide Man 2 is undone, and Pete seems to have gone ack to his old self. It also felt like 2 films wee going on at once fo the most pat, and some of the elements of the plot ae completely idiculous. It's geat that they exploed Pake's inne demons, ut the lack Spide-Man thing isn't neccessay and feels comical, the damsel in distess ending seems familia as well...VERDICT: The Spide Man univese is stating to feel vey samey in tone. Raimi's Spide Man 3 is an okay film, and agualy not as ad as it's geneally made out to e, ut it is a it of a mess until the end.Tranquilbez22	7	Apr,,7,2012	As much as this movie was spectacula it had too much going, Too much Sandman, not enough new Golin and Venom, The scene whee Pete cies cause MJ oke up with him was so fustating, he was asically eing a sook. With the exception of Tophe Gace, casting was spot on. It's a fun filled ide ut it isn't as fun as the fist two wee. still it's a wothy addition to you movie collection, especially lu-ay.MovieLonely94	8	Nov,,7,2010	wasn't as good as the fist two movies, ut its visuals wee still geatgrandpajoe6191	7	Sep,21,2011	"Spide man 3" is vey impessive and astounding; Sam Raimi manages to give the ovious fesh joy and humo fom the pevious sequels and even thows in moe villains. The Result? Pefect.MaxMooney	3	May,,2,2007	Definitely the weakest of the thee (what is it with Mavel #3's? X-Men 3 eaked as well). The audience I was with seemed oed thoughout and laughed only once. And that was the Jonah Jameson pill scene. Not a good sign. I say let's leave it alone at 3 and NOT suit up fo any moe.[Anonymous]	10	May,,5,2007	The goo also sticks to Pete, ut scale ack on you expectations fo a dak side. If you want to see a tuly malevolent Maguie ga the DVD of The Good Geman in which he foces Cate Blanchett into ough anal sex and then punches he out. The wost the goo does to Pete is tun him into a finge-snapping hipste ecalling the Buddy Love chaacte in The Nutty Pofesso (oth the Jey Lewis and Eddie Muphy vesions). But Raimi knows we'll neve uy Pete as a dick. So he uses the scene fo comic effect -- aes laugh at his cool act -- and in the pocess lieates Maguie fom the goody-goody goo that Pete weas like a second skin. The wost thing Pete does is use Gwen to make MJ jealous. And in a typical Raimi touch, the diecto finds time to show Gwen apologize to MJ fo letting heself e a pawn in a man's game. Spide-Man 3 is full of Raimi nuances. But the attack dogs ae out in foce. They see the film's udget (a epoted $250 million) and the huge ox-office take of the fist two installments ($1.6 illion) as evidence that the filmmakes ae in it fo the money. Now thee's a shock. Intenet wags point out that Raimi, fom a consevative Michigan family of Polish Jews, contiuted $900 to Duya's eelection campaign in 2004. What's next? Did Raimi phone in votes fo Sanjaya? The thid chapte in the Spidey saga (a fouth is in the planning stages) is uneven, ungainly and fayed at the edges ut thee's lively mischief in it still. My guess is that when the summe lockuste season finishes pummeling us with fomula, Spide-Man 3 is going to look like one of the few that was touched y human hands.ZahidI.	6	May,,6,2007	 Along with the cony lines, Hay's $2 costume, the fluy [and ushing] of stoy lines, one thing distued me moe than anything else: the depiction of supposedly Spideman's most feaed supevillain, VENOM. Fist of all, Venom lasted aout 15 MIN of the entie 140 min! They don't even efe to him once as "Venom" eithe! He says "I" instead of "We." And accoding to the 90s catoon he's supposed to e lage, muscula, intimidating. Tophe Gace played him, and I guess the diectos decided to stick to the Ultimate Spideman idea. He did a decent jo playing Bock. But they should've eithe dedicated the entie film to one of the villains like Venom, o saved Venom fo a 4th Spideman and intoduce him at the end of 3. Venom is the tue anti-Spideman. All these villains and *plotlines* has the audience not caing aout the gavity of evilness the villains possess. It makes them look like a joke to viewes. CGI and nice special effects won't save a movie. Once again, Venom's in and out in 15-20. A dude who's supposed to e a ig ad astad, the scaiest supevillain. Sam Raimi/Avi Aad/the othe diectos missed key plotpoints and ovelooked a ton of things. They should've thought this one though longe, they had 3 yeas to do it! Reminds me of how Jay-Z disappointed w/his new alum since he didn't spend much time ecoding/pefecting it.CallumHunter	8	May,19,2007	i eally liked this movie alot. i was hesitant at fist when all my mates wee saying it was awful ut i was happy with what i saw. the action scenes wee geat, the stong wok aound all the chaactes was whee the tue illiance in the film was. i think so many people thought less of it ecause they wee expecting this ue gitty and dak film, ut thats just not how the spideman films have eve woked. sue it was a little cheesy ut i loved evey secong of itJohnWashington	10	May,,3,2007	This film is a mastepiece.  Just ask the citics and the IMDB fans.  This division is what ceates nothing shot of illiance.  If you want, you can disagee with it.  But no one can ague that this movie cetainly is entetaining, and that it has a heat to it and is a gipping tale of itte humanity.ChrisHerbst	8	Apr,27,2007	Not as good as #2, moe action, ut just seemed that it was all foced to finish up the tilogy. Stoyline good, ut fo the fist time felt a few eaches to put things in ode. Much scaie that pevious movies. Would NOT take my youngest to see this one. Venom and his sceams would give him nightmaes. Still the est, y fa, supeheo movies eve. This one is the 2nd est of the thee. If I wee to think aout it a few moe days, I may even move it up a it moe.MrHipsterZebra	8	Apr,18,2012	I undestand the complaints that many fans like myself have towads this movie, ut I still enjoyed the movie nonetheless. The "Emo Pete" scenes wee cheesy and comic ookish... ut isn't that the point of a comic ook movie? My only eal polem w/ the movie is how little sceen time Venom got. Raimi should have moved him to the 4th movie and kept the Sandman as the main villain. I feel the Venom saga deseves its own movie. In conclusion, this is a good movie with a few polems.moviefan11	10	Aug,28,2012	est one in the seies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!TylerGreene	10	May,,7,2007	I thought this movie was the est in the seies. I loved evey Spide Man movie and this one was my fave. I don't undestand why eveyone is downing it so much. I was just like the othe Spide Man's. This movie had geat action, geat stoy, and geat dialogue, i loved eveything aout this movie. It was funny ut also seious. This movie pulled off eveything. Easy 10.Nero97	4	Jan,13,2012	Compaed to the othe Spide Man movies, this is ad. The histoy isn't nice as the fist movie's and it's way less enjoyale. The enemy: Venom, is the nicest thing of the movie...poaly one of the only things nice in it.JohnSturdivant	10	May,,4,2007	this was a massive achivemant in spide-man histoy. it was a geat film to say it was a piece of cap is a lie. now spide-man 2 was a peice of shit. now that movie was noteook + fantastic fou. it is so shitty. i love this film. it was way ette than 2 and a little ette than 1 not that much. ut ff2: ise of the silve sufe will e ette. i know it. so im done. i love the film and sm2 was shit.ChrisVillegas	10	May,,5,2007	Best movie eve, idont know why people despyes so much this movie, the stoy is soo cool, and the fight scenes, why do they say that is exageated? is spideman, not atman, i mean, come on, its a supe heo stoy, o did you wanted to see anothe supeman etuns vesion? that eally sucked!! give spidey a chance.Chrisbo	1	May,,6,2007	, I'm a HUGE fan of Spideman...Liked the fist movie, LOVED the second flick and was dying to see the thid one. And since I live in Koea, I was ale to see the movie tonight (SM3 opened in Asia 3 days efoe it opens in Noth Ameica). I'm sad to say, I was let down y the thid film. The iggest issue y fa is the fact that thee ae FAR too many stoy lines going on at once. The movie feels vey ogged down and not nealy enough time is given fo pope chaacte development. In this movie, thee is Spideman, May Jane, Gwen Stacey, "New" Golin Venom and Sandman. Each chaacte is given the ae amount of time fo development. I'm assuming that since most of the cast is non-committal to etuning fo a fouth movie, the filmmakes decided to thow as many stoies into this movie in case it was the end. It eally takes away fom the movie as a whole. The othe ig issue I have is the vey foced sense of humo the movie ties to take. Fom a vey lame iff on John Tavolta's walk fom "Satuday night feve" to watching Pete Pake dance to jazz music, a lot of the humo feels like it's was witten fo a SNL sketch. Thee is a vey poo ending involving Spideman and Sandman that defies logic. I sinceely hope this is NOT the last Spideman film, ecause if it is, it's cetainly not the est way fo the seies to end. None of the magic and oiginality of the second film ae hee. I hope that a decision is made to do a fouth film and I hope if a fouth film is made, the filmmakes decide to go ack to what made the second film so special. ** out of *****eeganrac	2	May,,8,2007	the movie was teile. to have to sit and watch two music numes.........give me a f*ckin eak! to have hay's utle come out of nowhee and talk sense in to hay, thats just piss poo lazy witing. venom is just an f*cking joke. the syoite (don't know how it is spelled) comes fom a meteo, omfg this is 2007, not 1967! I liked the fist spide-man, the second was just stolen fom supeman II. i would advise anyone to just wait until this movie is on dvd, cause it is an aomination! Nothing like at the end of the movie having sandman, and spide-man cying, wtf! please do not make anothe spide-man movie. if you go and see this movie than you ae pat of the polem.WaylandMcAwesome	2	May,,5,2007	Spideman, my good sis, is a fighte, not a sissy weine that spends most of the movie cying.  I wanted to see him fight.  I fought moe than he did; I fought oedom.  Once upon a time, as a kid, I had deams that Spideman could e tuned into a geat tilogy.  My deams wee shatteed tonight.  M. Raimi, I hope you ae happy, ecause you have killed the deams of little Wayland.  Fo you sake, I hope you next poject is to invent a time machine, go ack in time, and save little Wayland.YoriD	5	May,,8,2007	BLAAAAAH...went in expecting less afte feedack fom othe people that saw it and it was still wose than i thought...too long...and too long fo all the wong easons...WTF wee those satuday night feve/gi joe/dity dancing scenes doing in this movie...thee was some hoile acting as well...disappointed to say the least...ae you sue it was the same diecto?...i would have seen it no matte what as i fell in love with eveything in the pevious ones...whoeve edited this one should e slowly devoued y venom...o just foced to watch this ove and ove again til thei sanity caves in... :( ps fx and action scenes deseve some ecognition..only eason i didnt give it a -5Tall_But_Short	6	Jul,20,2012	What the hell was this cap? Sam Raimi, afte you mastepiece supeheo film, Spide-Man 2 I expected so much moe fom you. Sue, the movie was funny in some points ut the stoy was downight teile. Venom had like thee minutes of sceen time and the Sandman was just lame. The dialogue was cheesy and thee was nothing to go on. Spide-Man 3 was one of the iggest disappointments fo movie-goes and Spidey fans, oth.asoyke	3	May,,5,2007	This was not a good movie.  Shame on you Sam Raimi.  You should change you name to Shlong Raimi, ecause that's how ad this movie was. Please don't cy aout it.  I got enough of that out of evey single scene in the movie.  Way to mess up a tilogy.  Next time someone wants to pay you to diect a movie, please have them give my alls a call, ecause they could make a ette movie.TheQuietGamer	6	Mar,,6,2011	This is the wost Spide-Man movie yet, the stupid stoy and TERRIBLE plot twist with Sandman was RETARDED!!!! and they completely shafted Venom, even though it's so flawed I still got enjoyment out of this, this will shaply divide fans.StevenF	6	Aug,,4,2013	Seeing this fo the fist time in the cinema, I must admit I was impessed, ut I also left the feeling with a polem that I couldn't quite put my finge on, and when I watched it again, an again, the polems thew themselves at me to the point whee I felt so disappointed, I didn't hate Spide-Man 3, ut afte such a stong and excellent second outing fo ou heo, the thid tied to go igge and igge to the point whee they seemed to lose tack of chaactes, plot lines and an oveall sense of enjoyment.A elatively unknown and unexplained symiote cash lands on eath, and this makes fo some vey inteesting changes in the pesonality of Pete Pake (Toey Maguie), who continues to date the woman he loves, aleit with plenty of speed umps along the way. Pete also has to deal with his estanged fiend Hay, who now has a vey uthless side and his vey own alte-ego, someone who causes polems fo Spide-Man, ut not alone. The film paves the way fo not one, not two, ut thee villains. Just as can e imagined, it ecomes messy and confusing with a ewildeing and awkwad love tiangle, a vey poweful villain who has a quick ackstoy and thats it, we have a villain in the fom of Venom who could e touted as one of the most famous of foes, ut the most undeused and wongly potayed chaactes in film, ushed and ovelown ae a few choice wods.Its just difficult to heighten any sense of chaacte in these new foes, with a weak scipt which doesn't exploe them with enough depth o gatifying elief that they could even contend with Doc Ock of the second film. They seem moe like plot devices to move the stoy along, and Venom seemed to e used as a  oh no, we fogot we had Venom shown ealie, stick him into that scene" type scenaio. With this comes the vastly diffeent main chaactes, who now seem like the kids they should have potayed in the fist film ut ae coming up late, with the lack of humou definitely appaent.But the action and visuals continue to come up top maks, with the ith of Sandman eing a paticulaly impessive scene which one of the limited mavels of the film, some of the action sequences wee excellent, many just seemed to help knock up the udget with no elevance at all to the stoy. Thee is cetainly a diffeent, dake and much moe gitty attitude in the thid and final instalment of the Sam Raimi/Toey Maguie ea, ut it moves too fast and leaves too many chaactes out in the cold, adding up to a disappointing and ultimately messy affai.Rox22	5	Mar,14,2013	Not ad, not good eithe. It has some eally good scenes. It has some eally ad scenes. Which genius thought it would e a geat idea to cast Tophe Gace as Eddie Bock? Eddie Bock/Venom is meant to e the opposite to Pake oth physically and mentally. Gace does do a good jo at nailing Bock/Venom's mentality ut he just does not look the pat. Bock/Venom was meant to e much igge. A ody uilde in compaison to Spide-Man. As to Emo-Pete  I think petty much eveyone else has said what is need to e said aout this. Thomas Haden Chuch on the othe hand is pehaps the only saving gace of this movie. He was an excellent Sandman. In fact I could even go so fa as to say his vesion is even supeio to the one in the comics. Sandman was always just a side chaacte, ut Chuch eally did give him some depth and eason. Oveall: Spide-Man 3 as a whole isn't teile ut it has just got fa, fa too many ideas floating aout that ae just undedeveloped. As if Raimi was tying to please too many people at once.billruller	4	Mar,,3,2011	When I saw the poste and taile of this movie, I was excited to see this movie in theates. But when I saw it, it wasn't what I expected. I think this was the goofiest Spideman movie that I wish was fixed. My fiends asolutly hated this movie and called it "The Wost Spideman Movie EVER", it was out of contol. I only met one peson that actually LOVED this movie, I don't know what type of dugs he was taking duing the movie. To me, I didn't like it eithe. The fist polem, is that it had too many villians in 1 film (Golin J., Sandman, Venom, and Dak Spideman). Second, Venom was only on film fo aout 10 minutes, I have know idea how they can put my favoite villian in the last minutes of the film. Thid, Emo Pete, he was just so goofy when he had that lack suit, it made Spideman look like a joke than a adass. Foth, the dance scene, this shouldn't have eve een put in a Spideman movie at all. I think this was moe of a spoof comic ook movie, like "Batman and Roin". But othes say, "This should not e pat of the tilogy, it should't e called Spideman 3". And supisingly, I agee to that. If people liked this movie, thats fine. I didn't like it.LaGuerta	2	Feb,27,2013	You can only assume that Raimi intended to make a comedy ut changed his mind at the last minute. Pete Pake dances away his cediility and the potential fo a sequel.Pixarlover	4	Oct,17,2012	A clunky, uneven, too villain-filled, disappointing conclusion to The Spideman Tilogy. That's a shame ecause the movie looked amazing fom all the theatical shots and tv tailes. What we got was an ove-the-top Toey Maguie going all emo on us and pefoming a idiculous dance scene in a a late on in the movie. Does that sound like what you'd expect fom a movie that has Venom in it?!?!?! If it wasn't fo the guy who played Eddie Bock, then the film would have een okay to watch. Howeve, the "ith of The Sandman is just an amazing scene and the only memoale pat of the movie fo me.EddieB.	10	May,,5,2007	 The est comedic/action flick accoding to date, in the yea of 2007. The theme of humanity and fogiveness is eautiful. Lean to love and stop hating fom within.Chris	3	May,12,2007	 This was a painful expeience. They used evey supeheo cliche in the ook. It was manipulative, ignoant, and just plain stupid. Evey time I see a good eview on hee, I shudde, ecause it suppots my elief that ou cultue is uttely ain dead. What a waste of film.Iamnotacritic	10	May,,4,2007	 I loved this movie moe than any othe spide-man movie o maye even any othe comic ook movie o maye even my childen. kthx go see it i like spide-man.J	3	May,11,2007	 This movie was... BAD. Atocious dialogue. Good special effects. Teile fight scenes in tems of scipted action - vey medioce. Blah.PaulDavies	1	May,15,2007	i didnt ate this  movie nume one cause i think i would e cool to e like yea its nume 1. i think that anyone who liked this movie should should e hit ove the head with a vey heavy oject and shunned in society aka eddie. ut i think also that u might see some action if u ended up in the wong movie ut thats the only way. Ben u ight this movie sucked had then pais hilton!DaveM	5	May,15,2007	I'm vey disappointed, ut at least I know why: too many villains (1 that finally isn't, he's just misundestood.........), too many plot lines (useless was to involve Sandman in uncle Ben's death), not enough Venom, too much attempted comedy. What saves this movie is the special effects (10/10 fo Sandman) ut that's not enough seing how good the 2nd Spidey was....Enrique	0	May,,4,2007	 A ig, esounding om!giancarlob	0	May,18,2007	this movie was a peace of shit i saw it online and im glad i did cuz i wouldnt have spent a dime to see hollywood take such a taile stoy and make it into this movie ......... it was people that give it a 10 u guys  mentally etated.............. i thought that fo eing a sequel it sucked .......... if u going to give spideman the lack suit the movie has to e dak............ eally dak not just kinda dak with a ned thinking hes cool fo one scene........... i hated this movie so much i just wana say it like 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 times !!!!!!!! i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!  i hated this movie!phildougherty	0	May,28,2007	i feel ad fo sam ammie and all of the actos.this movie was ushed the whole time, just to have mindless action, with to many chaactes. also i love how the lack spideman outfit is evey whee in advetisments ut only 2 seconds in the movie.  oh and one moe thing sam ammie didnt even want to put venium in the movie!!!!ArkonBlade	3	Jan,29,2011	i was so excited fo this movie i liked the fist 2 spide-man movies . i thought fo sue sam ami would get it ight in the 3d especially when i head venom was gonna finnaly e in it. let me say ight off the at im a HUGE Venom fan . he is my favoite comic ook heo/villian . even when i head tophe gace was gona e eddie ock i still stayed positive . not like i have any thing against tophe i like him in that 70s show ut eally!? tophe gace .... as eddie ock ... yeeaaaah... not the ight choice on that casting call. they just destoyed him in this film and afte heaing ami's excuse of venom was to much of a 1 demensional chaicte and not intesting enough to sta as the villian just poved that ami was not the spide-man fan he said he was and had no uisness in hell touching this film. thee was to much going on and not enough devolpment on eally any thing and yes the dance seen with pake was ancid dog ass. the action was geat ut thats the only thing in this movie that was geat. the plot of this should have stated out with spide-man fighting scopion in the fist half of the film and gettin the lack suite and needing it to eat him then focused on venom second half . then having spidy eating Venom and NOT fo the love of god killing him and then inging in Venom and Canage tag teaming spide man in the next movie. that would have een awsome and i would  have paised sam ami as a feekin genous and tue spide-man fan . i wana say he's a giant doucheag... ut he still mad Amy of dakness which is a feekin awsome movie .so ill just call him a dum ass fo now.AJackson729	4	Feb,19,2011	Such a disappointing film afte the incedile Spide-Man 2. Way too many stoylines and way too many villains. The Sandman's stoyline was intiguing, and I enjoyed watching James Fanco's tansfomation, ut they wee uied among a handful of othe plots. Afte this film I guess thee was little chance of Raimi saving this fanchise making a e-oot necessay. It's a shame ecause I eally enjoyed Toey Maguie as Spide-Man and the fist two films in the seies wee vey pomising.Dralen	5	Apr,30,2011	Definitely the wost of the unch. The special effects and action scenes ae asolutely fantastic in this movie, ut that's aout it's only edeeming featue. The love scenes thoughout this movie just sceam awkwad and just had me wanting to skip ove them. I eally can't get ove how wong Kisten Dunst was fo the ole of MJ, she doesn't even ty to act like May Jane, she just gets thown a couple of scipt lines that ae what you might call May Jane Watson's catchphases.  Anothe polem with this movie, was that thee wee so many villains, that you didn't feel any emotional connection to any of them. I'll stat with the Geen Golin (Hay Oson), I think one wod can descie the majo scew-up hee "snowoad" o "skateoad" what eve you think est descies his new glide. Seiously, what the hell wee they thinking? He didn't even get given the awesome suit that the oiginal Geen Golin had! Now Venom; poaly my favouite Spide-man villain eve, he deseved so much moe, he should have had a film dedicated to him and not had to shae the movie with the Geen Golin AND the Sandman. I didn't have a polem with the acto playing Eddie Bock ut his hated towad's Spide-man just got ushed ove and I felt like his hate towads him was iational.If you look at this film on pape it should have een fantastic, ut I just feel like something went teily wong afte the last movie. I think with eveything that got put into this one, the movie and it's chaactes got stetched vey thin and it lost what the last two had. Thankgod spide-man is getting a eoot, it definitely needs it afte this one.TheOnlineGamer	10	Aug,22,2013	Just like the eviews fo M.J's play, this film is unelievaly undeated. The chaactes, stoy and themes all come full cicle in this mastepiece. I love that the film comines all the goofy and emotional themes to conclude a fantastic stoy with much Osca-wothy finesse (Sandman's ceation, anyone?). One of my favouite movies and I hope The Amazing Spide-Man 2 can live up to this amazing tilogy.Moviebuffreview	3	Jul,,9,2013	Disappointingly, Spide-Man 3 puts the ad ack into thid films. While the film had some stunning visual effects and solid pefomances, the scipt was an asolute mess, the tone was confused, and the movie simply had too much going on to focus its sights on one thing. Additionally, the unnecessay cheese and goofiness made the stoy difficult to take seiously, making fo  a film that equaled the death of a seies.ImUnavailable	5	Jul,,1,2011	Spide-Man 3's polems stem fom its loated and convoluted stoy. Fom multiple villains to love tiangles to a symiote-diven pesonality change, Spide-Man 3 ties to do in one movie what othes would ty to do in multiple. In choosing to tackle so much, this movie was destined to come up shot. Having thee villains in any movie, let alone a supeheo movie, was always going to esult in at least one ad guy getting sidelined. This hono falls onto Venom, a chaacte which Sam Raimi did not want to include and oy does it show. His sceen time is shot and he always has the ai of eing unnecessay and out of place. As fo Sandman, though he is visually impessive, his enty into the ack stoy feels shoehoned in and unnatual. Dialogue is hampeed y occasionally poo acting and the stunting of chaacte gowth (May Jane is the iggest offende). Thee is a eal lack of an emotional co to this movie, with each acto appeaing to e going though the motions. The exception is Toey Maquie who seems to enjoy Pete's nacissistic and selfish pesona. Action scenes ae high quality, entetaining and well ealized. The polem is that with a lack of a well-constucted stoy and genuine emotions, these scenes ae often hollow.Gamer44	0	Dec,,5,2012	oh my ut this movie sucks 100 times moe than spide-man 1 and 2.The acting is even wose,the stoy is the wost eve.and soy toey maguie ut you acting still sucks it is so teile I neve want to see anothe Toey Maguie movie in my lifetime.And it is all thanks to  spide-man.Can't elieve they decided to actually make a thid instalment they should not have neve  made spide-man fom the eginning they would have saved lots of money and would have saved us fom utte odem.Again this goes staight into the wost movies in histoy list.JawsPapi87	5	Aug,25,2011	A eally ig disappointment and a movie aout half as good as Spide-Man 2. Thee ae too many villains and the acting is a huge dop fom the fist two.Orangeknockout	8	Apr,,9,2014	lol people ae eally divided on this movie lol I fo one enjoyed it; this was actually my most favoite spide man movie; the action was geat, the emotional pats tugged at my stings, and a ad spideman was a fesh change of pace; I don't know if its just me ut the ending ought me to nea teas; lol a geat movie definantly; I would ecommend anyone to just go in, watch the movie, and watch it on you own ehalf; just ecause someone hee said the movie was ad doesn't mean its ad; vice vesa fo good; lol the only polem I had with this movie was that venom didn't get enough spotlight; sandman got moe attention than venom and venom didn't get enough development; also the guy who played venom didn't eally fit the pesona of what I pictued venom to e; I always pictued venom to e this ig uff guy that ullied pete pake ut this acto failed to pull off that image lol still I suppose I he did a decent jo of eing venom lol he did get the cockiness of venom down petty well lol solid 8, geat movie!Iky009	5	Jan,,6,2014	Depois do 2° se pedeu litealmente.    Swati	3	Feb,12,2013	I wish I had neve seen it. The plot was so contived and the length longe without offeing anything of woth. It's like they knew this was the last one in the seies and they had to use all the villains. With nothing to offe, they even tied to make us concened that this might e the end of Spidey, ut it looked so sappy I wanted him to die and e done with. Thee wee a few good scenes when Spidey tuns dak, ut nothing can eally edeem this piece of gaage.Jmsbpp	7	Jul,15,2013	Se daño un poco la saga sin emago tiene su encanto de Home aaña que demuesta en la pimea y segunda pate, De un modo Pete Pake saca su lado oscuo de una foma no muy chevee tal vez al ponele mas accion se pedio el home aaña que haia antesPinglu50	7	Jun,,6,2015	This movie isn't as ad as it seems, accoding to most of the Spide Man spectatos. Thee wee many villains in it and the plot twists duing the movie don't follow a specific stoy-line. Despite of it, the denouement was impessive and I eally appeciated it.bfoore90	7	May,17,2015	It has its faults, sue ut oveall I felt that Spide-Man 3 was a petty good movie. While the movie would have to extend its length to aout 4 hous to fill the plot holes and goofs, I still felt it held up nicely. Pete Pake has finally managed to piece togethe the once-oken pats of his life, maintaining a alance etween his elationship with May-Jane and his esponsiility as Spide-Man. But moe challenges aise fo ou young heo. Pete's old fiend Hay Osoune has set out fo evenge against Pete; taking up the mantle of his late fathe's pesona as The New Golin, and Pete must also captue Uncle Ben's eal kille, Flint Mako, who has een tansfomed into his toughest foe yet, the Sandman. All hope seems lost when suddenly Pete's suit tuns jet-lack and geatly amplifies his powes. But it also egins to geatly amplify the much dake qualities of Pete's pesonality that he egins to lose himself as well. Like i said, oveall not a ad movie. Cetainly not the "fanchise kille" it was made out to e. The only main polem I had was with movie was the teatment of Venom and the plot seems to e all ove the place at times. Venom is one of Spide-man's geatest foes, yet hes pushed to only eing on sceen fo aely 10 minutes duing the last half hou of the film and easily defeated y a unch of pipes and a golin om.AaronWasserman2	3	May,,4,2014	This is what happens when you have too many stoy lines, to many villains, and to many things to juggle. Spide-Man 3 sucks. Spide-Man 3 is a visually stunning movie and has a geat scoe...that eing said thees nothing else to it. The acting is clunky, the stoy is so tangled (no pun intended) and chaacte motivations ae constantly questions. things happen y coincidence...good call sony to get id of Spidey 4 and ing in the new ones.HISHEheb	0	Jul,,9,2014	סרט הספיידרמן הכי גורע שראינו, לא כדאי לראות. סרט שהרס לא מעט דמויות מהקומיקס של ספיידרמן. יש כמה סצינות שממש פדיחה בכלל לראות אותם. סרט שכל המעריצים של ספיידרמן התאכזבו ממנו, בעיקר בגלל שבו נהרסה הדמות של ונוםCinemassacre94	6	Mar,20,2016	Spide-Man movie action sequences have come a long way fom the fist installment, when one of the ig moments had Toey Maguie as Spide-Man dashing into a uning uilding like some pulp seial heo fom the '30s. In Spide-Man 3, the weslinge tumles and twils in mid-ai, ouncing off walls and fagments of deis as he fights off a tio of villains. Thee's New Golin (played y James Fanco), the om-thowing son of Spide-Man's dead nemesis The Geen Golin; Sandman (Thomas Haden Chuch), a dense ex-con whose molecules can shift and solidify like gains of sand; and Venom (emodied y Maguie and Tophe Gace), an alien symiote that onds to an oganic host and amplifies its stengths and weaknesses. A decade ago, the Batman seies an agound while tying to stuff too many ad guys into too little plot, ut Spide-Man 3 woks the villains into its stoy well, giving each at least one offo fight scene efoe inging eveyone togethe fo a final attle oyale.Thee's a point to the expanded ogue's galley too. Just as Spide-Man 2 contemplated the pepetual tug etween duty and desie, pat thee pondes what it means to e a heo. As the movie opens, Spide-Man is wildly popula, and Maguie is happily contemplating getting engaged to his gilfiend May Jane (Kisten Dunst), who's aout to make he Boadway deut. Then the toules stat, each tied to—o eflective of—polems Maguie and Dunst have een ignoing. In vaious ways, they'e confonted with factued elationships, pessing family oligations, and a cippling addiction to dange. Chaactes that ae just like them, only a degee o two diffeent, foce them to confont whethe they can e the kind of people who deseve to e cheeed. So Spide-Man 3's action is supe and its theme faily weighty. Then why does it feel a letdown fom its pedecesso? Nealy all the lame ests with diecto Sam Raimi, who's taken the success of some light slapstick moments in Spide-Man 2 as a cue to get even sillie. The esult is a handful of sequences—most notaly a "Dak Toey" outine—that send the movie into a tailspin ight in the middle. Even wose ae any scenes in which Maguie's fiends and elations ty to have An Impotant Convesation, and immediately stop the movie cold. Thoughout this whole seies, Raimi has neve handled quiet human moments as well as comic ook punch-ups, and in Spide-Man 3—whee the sutle distinctions etween chaactes ae the whole point of the movie—Raimi can't delive. On the gound, Spide-Man 3 is deay. But in the ai, it swings.TheLex	5	May,,4,2007	 Dissapointing. Bad dialogue. Bad Venom. Weak ending. What a waste of 280+ million.DanG.	5	May,,4,2007	 Fo one I just thought that the spide man movies wee aleady gaage. The second one was full of cliches and I just couldn't imagine why they made a thid... Kal I just want you to know that oviously you should not have gone to see a movie that no one should like egadless and no I havent and will neve waste my time going to see tash like this. Thanks fo the waning maye you should heed you own advice...BillS.	4	May,,4,2007	 1 and 2 ae much much ette. half of it doesnt make sense logically. the special effects have aleady een done in 1 and 2. ut in 3 its ove done. and the movie feels like 100 things jammed into 2 hous.Ethnee	3	May,,4,2007	 TOTALLY NOT WHAT I EXPECTED!!! I think the sneak peeks and tailos gave away the ulk of the movie, and left you wondeing...ut thee was nothing left to wonde. You've seen the peviews, you've seen the ase of the show, minus the quiet and tite addition of "The Noteook" yes! It seems like they can neve e satisfied. Spideman 1&2 definately hit the spot, ut 3...just makes you wish it would have ended at 2!PabloE.	10	May,,5,2007	 Sandman was a illiant and wothy chaacte in the Spideman movies, ut all of the supevillains got shotchanged y eing cammed in the allotted time slot. Still, all of them showed a human side that shows us that we as human eings can choose to e good o evil, to epent, and to do good things in ou daily lives.PO.D	4	May,,5,2007	 Just walk away Sam, just walk away, and take the cast with you. O Spide-man will soon tun into the walking dead. And someone lootomize Avi Aad and Sony executives concened fo pess ganging Venom into the movie. 1 villain and plot line too many. And the film isn't even fun, not even with the set-pieces. Sad, eal sad. My spide-sense is clealy tingling fo the fanchise now. Batman & Roin it ain't, ut thee's a faint whiff of X3 and futhe doom if this e the case.SteveB.	6	May,,5,2007	 Afte the mansion fight scene etween Pete and Hay I hoped it would e moe like Buton's Batman instead of Schumache's Batman. Regadless, it was a fai movie oveall. I think that they had a chance to make it a ette, gittie film, ut with $300 million and change at isk they took the safe oute.JoanG.	2	May,,5,2007	 Deadful. Chaactes, plotlines, and completely diffeent tones ae mashed togethe incoheently. My audience laughed at pats that wee supposed to e heatfelt, and squimed at what was supposed to e funny. And I loved the fist two movies. How did Sam Rami go so wong?TomK.	8	May,,6,2007	 The movie wasn't pefect o excellent, ut it was vey good. the action, the effects, the actos and the comedy wee excellent. Black Spidey was cool, Sandman was amazing. Many people didn't liked this movie ecause it isn't exploe the chaactes to the deep; ut it's aleady done in the pevious films, most of the chaactes ae the same, so nothing would get you a new infomation aout the chaactes. The end of the movie tuned down to e the weakest pat of the movie, ut when you ememe the othe pats of the movie you see how it was an excellent way to end this tilogy.Lucasboyd	5	May,,6,2007	 Fist off, the only supe-heo fanchise to successfully pull off multiple heoes in one film (on the ig sceen) is X-Men. That said, I must admit I was not happy with this film; it's as if the wites ealized something was "magical" in Spide-man 2 and decided to REALLY take it ove the top. Con-all dialogue (even wose than Sta Was), confusing fight scenes, and even a "goup hug" moment to emphasize "fogiveness" as the "cental theme...gimme a eak! I got all weepy-eyed at the end, not so much due to the ovely damatic and sappy final scenes, ut ecause I paid ove $60.00 ucks fo my family and me to see this deadfully medioce film; I could have just opuchased a copy of "Command and Conque" fo the XBOX 360 and at least get some eplay value, ut I digess. This film is a ental!MattS.	6	May,,9,2007	 I enjoyed this film, ut ultimately, I found it a disappointment. It is, howeve, my son's favoite movie of all time, a position peviously held y "Night at the Museum".KyleW.	2	May,,9,2007	Not nealy enough action, dagged on too long with scenes full of dull sappy scenes. and the whole movie was uined with the stupid display of pete pake tying to act cool and "adass".StuC.	10	Jun,,6,2007	 Had a geat time at this flick! Favoite movie of the yea, and my favoite Spideman movie. The action and effects can't e eat, and much moe enjoyale to me than Shek 3 o POTC 3. This one futhes the chaacte plotlines estalished in the pevious 2. Geat time at the movies!JerkGuy	3	Oct,,2,2007	 Spideman is my favoite of Mavel comic heoKirbyD.	10	May,11,2007	 This movie was excellent on all counts: stoy, action, effects, development, and continuity with the othe 2. These low scoes ae atocious, people ae eing way to ove citical. Sit ack and enjoy 2.3 hou's of top notch entetainment.EddieM.	9	May,10,2007	 Fist of all, the action in this movie was eathtaking, and second of all they took the comedy too fa yes, ut it was supposed to e funny, Sam Raimi did a phenomanal jo with this movie and it does deseve alot moe cedit than it actually does. Ben Bown, im the sheiff in these pats.Jefframone	4	May,10,2007	 WORST. SEQUEL. EVER. God this movie was long. Way too much going on. Toey McGuie has got to e the wost acto since Ben Affleck to don a supeheo costume. This was just a eally pathetic attempt. I hope they don't make any moe ecause it's just emaassing.ChristopherW.	3	May,22,2007	 I've got many of the same citicisms of many fans and citics. The film is excessively uneven in tone, too clutteed with villians, uncomfotaly silly at times, and the pacing annoyingly moves in fits and stats. Even the hugely expensive special effects seem uninvolving and lifeless. What's moe, the scipt is weak and ceates a athe unengaging and, at many times, downight oing 2h. 20min. misfie. Oh, did I mention the film is ovelong. Yikes! Sam Raimi clealy has unout. Too ad!CharlieB.	10	May,23,2007	 Hell Yeah!! Eveything I want in a Spide-Man movie. Chock full of action, humo, and pathos. Is it a pefect film? Maye not. But it is a pefect COMIC BOOK MOVIE. As Hay Osone says to the waitess, "It's Sooo GOOOD!"ChrisB.	3	May,,4,2007	 Spide-Man 3 should have een incedile. It should have een an epic wap up to, what would have een, a geat tilogy. Howeve, it falls into the same pitfalls as "X3: The Last Stand." Thee ae too many chaactes that ae pooly developed and the pefomances, fo the most pat, wee su-pa. The voice acting fo Venom was awful and Sandman just was not that inteesting of a villan. The showdown etween Spide-Man and Hay was undewhelming and the action was just eally cony. The dialogue left alot to e desied, paticulaly the chessey lines used y Pete Pake when he tuns to the dakside. It was pue camp and a tue testament to style ove sustance. No moment paticulaly thilled me and the ending was an enoumous cop-out. Even if you ae a die-had fan of the seious, avoid this film. Just petend it doesn't exist and go elieve that some day thee will e a competant diecto to take on Spide-Man; one who gives us the tuly epic conclusion that we all wanted in this one.CarsonK.	10	May,,4,2007	 I thought that the effects wee amazing and the villains wee temendous. When eveything is sot of o.k. and mellow fo Pete the stoy is a little less inteesting, ut this is still my favoite spideman movie.DoubtingThomas	2	May,,4,2007	 Completely disappointing. The only good pats ae the ones that ae unintentionally funny. Cliche-o-ama scipt, canned dialogue, contived plot twists. Wouldn't have even een good as a comic ook. Any action fantasy film stats out with a chaacte as Boadway chanteuse - you know it's all downhill fom thee. Save the $10, and watch #1 o #2 again.AnnW.	3	May,,4,2007	 A vey oing movie. The thin chaactes wee totally ovewhelmed y the despeately cleve, ut uninspiing special effects.JimD.	8	May,,4,2007	 If i wee to say this movie was ad...i'd e lying to myself... ecause it was geat solid entetainment y the chaactes we love. ...i must admit it lost a little of it's deep edge that came fom spideman 2... much emotional impact was lost and thee was some vey...uh...unintentionally funny moments... ...howeve, i had an ove-all good time. I enjoyed it... and i can't deny that fact.JazzT.	5	May,,4,2007	 A massive disappointment. It's too long. It's too complicated. It's too cony. Half the time it doesn't even take its self seiously, and the acting (fo the most pat) was LAME. It's like eveyone thought they wee making a comic ook on film instead of a deep, matue film. That said, the movie did have amazing special effects and a few geat scenes. Though, I wish I had neve seen this pooly done sequel, especially at a midnight elease paty. I'm afaid to go ack and watch the nea mastepiece Spide-Man 2 was, now knowing what lies in Spideys' futue. Do you self a favo and ent this one on DVD. Though, if you asolutely have to see this one, leave you expectations fo geatness at the doo.M.Lee	7	May,,4,2007	 It's not as ad a some make it out to e. Thee's nowhee as much chaacte development as in 1 and 2. Why should thee e? You've seen these chaactes fo 5 hous on film aleady, why do you need that much moe? Thee's a lot moe action, and as a side-effect, too much CGI. I think this film has ecome a victim of too much hype, and too much footage aleady eleased in tailes and "sneak peeks". Venom looked AWESOME. Just wish he had moe than just 30 mins o so. It's ette than 2, not a good as 1. It's a film that you'll like moe and moe, the moe you see it. Thee's too many smalle nuances that you miss in one viewing with all the action. The iggest flaw was not enough JK Simmons. He always steals the movie, and he just isn't in this one enough.DanielH.	4	May,,4,2007	 Wow this was the most cony movie i have eve seen. It was like all the actos fogot how to act. I am mad i wasted 2 hous of my time to that hoile movie.JimD.	10	May,,4,2007	 If i wee to say this movie was ad...i'd e lying to myself... ecause it was geat solid entetainment y the chaactes we love. ...i must admit it lost a little of it's deep edge that came fom spideman 2... much emotional impact was lost and thee was some vey...uh...unintentionally funny moments... ...howeve, i had an ove-all good time. I enjoyed it... and i can't deny that fact.GaborA.	4	May,,5,2007	 Scoing this movie is actually faily challenging. Thee's eally no point in mentioning the fist two cuz even though i didnt eally like them they wee at least attempts at decent movies. On the othe hand SM3 can only eally e compaed to something along the lines of Daedevil. These ae supe heo movies that ae so ad they ae laughale. "Laughale" eing the key wod in that sentence. I know its a common eviewes joke/hypeole to say "I laughed when it was supposed to e damatic," ut thees asolutely no ette way to descie this movie. I dont even know if i would ecommend this movie to a fiend consideing it was mind ogglingly teile yet i laughed twice as had as i did duing Hot Fuzz. Its like Raimi unintentionally almost made Evil Dead 3 instead of spide man.AnsonG.	3	May,,5,2007	 This movie lost all the fun and inteest aout it.That's how they'e ending the Spide-Man seies? The acting is poo. The witing is pedictale and cheesy. The action, which the Spide-Man seies has een so good at potaying, was jumpy and shot-lived. I couldn't elieve that the plot had to go in so many diections. It was a it had to follow at times and did not lend itself to chaacte development. Although the same wites and diectos wee employed fo this installment, it seemed like they wee gasping at ai. Take eveything that you liked fom the pevious movies and make it completely ove-done. They should have stuck to a single villain ecause thee is not a lot of development of the Sandman chaacte. It also suffes fom the success and citical acclaim of the fist two movies in that the movie ties to include evey good thing ut fails misealy in the amalgamation. The peviews make it look geat and totally appealing ut you can eally show an extemely lacking plot in a 30 second TV spot. Yes it will make a oatload of money ut that can't oveule how uttely disappointing this fist summe lockuste is.JimboH.	10	May,,5,2007	 Top flight action, good all aound chaactes and plot.TedB.	10	May,,5,2007	 This film was decent. I liked it. It wasn't too ad, it had tidits of good humo, as well as a good cast, and action. All aound good, enjoyale film.Jdude1006	6	Dec,16,2011	A good movie, not geat, not illiant, a good movie, a good Spide Man movie! The intoduction to Venom, the lack suited Spidey, and Sandman wee all geat. The actos did an "alight" jo at potaying the chaactes, and all of that (the music, sound effects, ect.) wee okay. The costumes wee geat and the special effects ae outstanding with tue Spidey attles. But like the othe two movies, thee isn't much sceen time of Spide man as thee should e, along with too many stoy lines (fo one movie) and a failed love tiangle attempt, this movie leaves me with mixed feelings. But it's still woth watching and uying the DVD when eleased. Go Spidey, Go...Animationking6	3	Jan,27,2011	Not the est Spide-man movie in the seies, ut the action scenes wee poaly the est n the seies out of all the othe Spide-man films. The only letdown fo this film is the stoy I didn't paticula like the stoy to this film, I thought the stoy was all ove the place and a it ushed.drlowdon	6	Apr,22,2014	The final movie in the tilogy, while not as ad as some make out, is cetainly the weakest. Much of the action and comedy is still thee ut y pitting Spide-Man against thee enemies (athe just one as in the fist two movies) the film loses its focus. Each of the enemies ack stoies ae developed in too much detail and the we-slinge comes close to eing a guest in his own movie that is agualy tying to e too amitious.jos95	4	Jul,16,2012	I loved the fist two, ut this was a HUGE disappointment. The action and the visual effects wee the est in the seies, ut the acting was soooo unconvincing and many of the su-plots in this movie wee just cliched and silly. The jazz clu has to e one of the stupidest scenes I've eve watched. Venom had so much possiility fo Spide-Man 4 (efoe Sony scapped it) they shouldn't have killed him off! I wanted Spide-Man 4 to e ette, ut Sony seemed to think that a eoot would e ette than a sequel that made up fo the atocities of this film. PATHETIC!supercherrybro	9	Feb,22,2012	It's awesome if you 12 o if you can elive those days. At that age you just pay attention to how awesome the film is and it eally is. The action scenes and special effects ae awesome.Jai11elas	7	Jul,,5,2012	OK ending to the fanchise ut still this had to e a little moe exciting heat pounding.............just satisfaction and nothing else i gave it a 7 just cuz of the VENOMdharma	7	Jun,,9,2012	Studio VS Sam Raimi. By the time Spide-Man 3 is finished, we have way too many villains and way too many plot points.   It shows how clutteed and unfocused this sequel was, the 'final' installment of Raimi's Spide-Man tilogy. It was umoed that Raimi was foced to include Venom in the film as he is one of the moe 'popula' villain out thee. By the time nume 4 was in pe-poduction, the wangling etween the film make and studio esulted in a complete eoot of this fanchise.DoctorWho	6	Dec,,5,2011	Sloppy witing, poo editing and undeused chaactes and poo development pull this Spidey sequel into the dit.While it ties to do the simple, and delive what fans have come to expect om a Spidey movie, the film fails to delive anything tuly engaging. The film makes a fuss of intoducing thee villains fo Spide-man to defeat. Howeve it feels like diecto Sam Rami had a good idea fo thee moe Spide-man movies ut was convinced to shove all of the plots into one movie. As a esult the entie film suffes. The plot that suffes the most is the Venom stoyline. Venom is the movie's villain and only appeas fully in the final hal hou of the movie. As a esult, he goes unde developed and does the same evil plot evey Spidey villain has done, kidnap May Jane and lue Spidey into a tap. It hasn't woked fo the villains in the last two movies and dains the movie's final showdown of any dama. Speaking of the end, this is whee all of the plots come togethe and ae esolved, messily. In the midst of the chaos, Pete gets colosue with est pal Hay and manages to fogive addie Flint Mako fo the death of his uncle. Oh, and he manages to kill defeat Venom and sot his elationship issues with May Jane. This movie had eal pomise and falls flat down on it's face. Oh Spidey, you eally tangled this one up. The Reoot can't come soon enough.spadenx	0	Dec,,9,2011	Thee is a eason they ae eooting the seies, This film was asolute tash. Not only did the acting and the stoy suck ut thee was a musical duing the film and that just wont do.wolffmary86	0	Dec,,8,2011	Liked the fist one a whole lot, loved the second, ut this one was complete tash. I told my fiends not to waste thei money on this one. It got wong what the fist two got ight and then some, neve een this disappointed in my life.gkelly5579	0	Dec,,8,2011	What a waste of time! Walked into this movie with high expectations, thought I was watching a pooly done Mad TV sketch(which is saying something fo Mad TV ecause thei sketches ae nomally ad) ut then ealized I was infact in the middle of a hoile Spide-Man movie.CooterPatooter	2	Mar,,7,2012	An unnecessaily ovelong and depessing sequel that has Pete Pake happily emacing the dak side until minutes efoe the end cedits oll.  Having him change his mind at the last possile second and then show up in time to get his utt pummeled fo ten minutes staight is a teile way to end a fanchise.  Cying, lueing and egotistical tash-talking aounds.  Thow in Tophe Gace as a ciminally uninteesting and undepoweed Venom (you can't e seious!!!) and you have a ecipe fo total meltdown.  I suggest you petend that Spide Man 2 was the final movie in the seies and avoid this quagmie completely.cowbell31	5	Jun,22,2012	People usually pick on Spide-Man 3 y saying that "Venom was potayed teily", o "Spide-Man was a sissy". But what was eally wong with this movie was that eveything felt fake. NY didn't seem like NY. Pete didn't act like Pete. Spide-Man didn't act like a Spide-Man. And Sandman was meant to e the villain of the film ut was wedge to wok with Venom. Basically to much went on. Too many villains, and too many moments epeated fom the pevious movies.fanguychris	6	Jun,,3,2012	While it definitely has a lot of flaws, I don't think Spide-Man 3 is the aomination that a lot of people say it is. I'll talk aout the good stuff fist. Fistly the film looks amazing, the special effects ae the est out of all of the thee films. The we action looks awesome, Sandman looks awesome and Venom looks illiant! People complain that he wasn't ulky enough ut I thought he was fine. The only exception to the geat special effects is the scene when Hay attacks Pete nea the stat of the film, its quite ovious that the makes had toule animating the we swinging action when Pete is not weaing his suit. Anothe good thing aout this film is that in some scenes it eally does nail to dake tone that the film was going fo, when Pete fist gets the lack suit it leads to some geat and intense moments...now the ad stuff. It's ovious that this film cannot decide on a tone. At some points it's going fo a eally dak tone ut in othes it seems to e tying to make you laugh, o tying to e dak ut failing and making us laugh when we shouldn't e. The acting isn't too ad ut thee's nothing special and the witing, while still ette than Spide-Man 1, it has some cheesy and cheap lines and it makes some chaactes eact to things in unealistic ways. Thee's a lot in this film, so it does feel a it loated fom time to time, especially in the ending. The ending to me felt like they makes wee just having to tie up the loose ends one y one and it didn't feel natual. I could go on ut I don't think I need to. This film can e enjoyale in some pats ut you just cannot ignoe all of its flaws.Official	5	Nov,11,2013	Okay, I'm gonna say that "Spide-Man 3" is just disappointing. It's a complete mess. The stoy was unde-plotted, has too many plot holes, does not have the emotional satisfaction as "Spide-Man 2", and was just eally ad. The only positive thing I can say aout this film is the action and the visuals.anshiman	7	Dec,23,2012	Though it has its emotionally heightened, stong moments, and visual splendou to spae, these ae the last yellow spots on a otten anana. 'Spide-Man 3' lacks the honest emotion that made the fist two so geat, as well as developing the too-many-villains disease that makes the plot wea thin efoe you eyes. A disappointing final chapte to Raimi's othewise illiant tilogy.Chris_DK	6	Jul,,9,2012	Pesonally I think Spide-Man 3 waps up eveything nicely. It is a geat movie to end the Raimi seies of Spide-Man with New Golin, Venom and Sandman. The scipt and stoyline is good, though the movie is not as good as it's pedecessos due to the amount of villains the movie is tying to handle and the loopes. The ending was also a misfie, I expected moe fom it, pehaps a speech fom Pete aout his life as Spide-Man.MonsieurEames	7	Jul,12,2012	While it cetainly has its silly pats and its oveloaded with too many chaactes, Spide-Man 3 ultimately woks ecause of its dazzling special effects and stong emotional focus.JairPaz	4	Jul,19,2012	This thid installment of Sam Raimi, Spide-Man is a eal waste of money, of couse with espect to diecto Sam Raimi, ut unlike Spide-Man 2, this does not have good stoy, not a good enemy, as in my opinion venom should have a vey good jo and not just out and aout when it will end the movie, I say that if sam Raimi does not make the same mistake, what you can do is, fist, not much to emocionace special effects, since what is in each one, Spideman 3 has vey good special effects, with a udget that spent 250 million dollas, is to have well thought out stoy, and if not found leave ehind that and find anothe thing, as does the genius of nolan, which in its delivey of Batman Begins and the Dak Knight, has had a vey good stoy, apat fom vey good enemies. Well in conclusion, Spide-Man 3 is a waste of money to have gone to see a film like this to the movies, and that now is not vey cheap to say.My calificasion fo Spideman 3, Sam Raimi is 4/10.btzneb92	4	Aug,12,2012	A majo disappointment, mostly fom the fact that it completely contadicts the fist two movies. One of the iggest easons why Spide-Man is one of the most appealing supeheoes is ecause of his self-sacificing natue. The shift that suddenly he ecomes "M. Big Shot" in this movie feels not only inconsistent, ut it feels like we missed watching a Spide-Man movie that took place etween "2" and "3". Not to mention that thee's just simply too much cammed into this. Venom has no place in this movie whatsoeve, and the evenge stoyline etween Pete and the Sandman was just so pooly handled. Boo.blue-ninja	8	Dec,,8,2013	I have watch this spidey movie moe 10 times, ut the film is still not oing, this is spidey seies movies the est. I love it, all acting, effect, music is geat. If i can Give Scoe Spideman Movie 1 Get 8.5, Spideman Movie 2 Get 9, And Spideman 3 Get 10 (Pefecto). Sam Raimi is The Best Diecto Movie SupeheoRikiege	8	Oct,12,2012	Vey good sequel to Spideman, ut no ette than the fist pat. I ecommend it to fans of Spideman. This film is full of supises that will leave you open-mouthed.JamesCannon	7	Dec,13,2014	In the pantheon of Spide Man movies, this one often looked as eing ovestuffed and infeio to the pevious two.  I will actually take this one ove any of the new Amazing Spide Mans and even maye the fist Raimi one.  Sue thee is the whole eellious Pete Pake that comes off a little foced, o the indestuctile Hay Osoune J., who can suvive high falls at maximum speeds. He can even take a genade point lank and come up with only a couple of scas on his face.  That aside I liked the team up of Venom and Sandman.  The ending is geat and even some of the themes of fogiveness ae ale to hit thei mak.oblique15	5	Feb,,9,2013	Weakest of the thee y fa! I don`t know how dancing makes Venom look ad ass. I was eally disappointed in this movie when I watched it. I hate Supeman movies, and this movie moved into Supeman company fo me.Compi24	6	Nov,28,2012	A film you eally wish possessed as good of a second half as it did a fist half. Spide-Man 3 almost cashes and uns.Wiesy	5	Jan,17,2013	I expected moe action. The two othe movies ae geat.survivorfan989	8	Jul,,1,2013	All thee Spide-Man films ae vey good, ut this is my least favouite of the thee. Having said that it's still a vey good movie and a lot of the lose ends wee tied up, as well as leaning moe aout things fom the fist film in paticula. The whole 'Pete tuns Emo' was a little odd, and I don't think the villains wee as stong as the fist two films villains, so thats the lows, ut eing a Spide-Man thee is always going to e a lot of good and I still thooughly enjoyed watching it!Memburg	10	Jun,23,2014	This movie eceives too much hate fo what it is. It is my favoite of the Sam Raimi Spide-Man tilogy (yes I liked it ette than 2) It has the est dialogue out of all of them in which Maguie no longe is contented with a lank stae, and in my opinion has the most elatale and inteesting villain of them all, the Sandman. His ith and eventual edemption ae some of the most poweful I have eve seen in a movie. It has a huge aay of memoale moments, and fo one eason o anothe, I athe like the dance scene. Its well choeogaphed, is full of vey enegetic pefomances, ut I can definitely undestand why people wee disgusted y that scene. But in the end, is it eally enough to ing the entie movie down to unwatchale status? No, this movie is an incedile expeience fo any Spidey fan, just e eady fo a cinge fest when emo-Pete egins showing his moves.Malevolent	7	May,31,2013	I was in thid gade when this movie came out and I asolutely loved it. But as I gew olde I ealized that I didn't like Venom in this movie. Thee just wasn't enough of him in this movie and I could tell Sam Raimi didn't ty to make him as cool as he is in the comics. I also wish they had left Sandman out of this film. Oveall, it was a decent film.SuperheroMovies	6	Aug,,5,2013	The film plummets fom the success of the mastepiece its pedecesso was, ut Spide-Man 3 still manages to entetain with humo and an emotional stoy, even if it had a loated unning time and lacked the memoaility of Spide-Man 2.MovieGuys	7	Sep,20,2013	Damn. Fo the fist two movies, the pemise was fesh, exciting, neve lagged, and was just so fun to watch. So, what happened in the thid movie? It got a little dull, and included moe dama, less action. Something ig happens at the end which I won't spoil, and I swea y eveything that is holy that no one wanted this event to happen.Luisz	0	Jun,,3,2014	The wost movie of Spide-Man and one of the wost fom Mavel.........................................................................................marcmyworks	5	Dec,,2,2013	This film tied to had to e eveything all at once. Much like X-Men: The Last Stand, thee ae too many chaactes and not enough time to fully develop them.  I was happy fo the inclusion of Venom as a villain, ut as he was a seconday chaacte, he wasn't as fun o inteesting as he should have een.RayzorMoose	4	Nov,13,2013	Spide-Man 3 gets exteminated.The film egins sound until tying to do too much all at once. The fist mistake is attempting to intoduce two new villains along with an aleady iconic one, and it completely collapses when Pete Pake nealy ecomes a villain himself. The movie gets lost and doesn't find its way ack home.AGarcia732	6	May,,1,2014	I will always love Spide-Man, he was the fist childhood supeheo that I loved and gew up with. When I watched Spide-Man 3 the fist time on DVD, I thought it was a geat movie and the est of the tilogy. I even thought it was the est movie eve. (Keep in mind I was a kid, like 8 o 9 yeas old.) Then late on when I head that people said that it had too many villains and too many suplots, I thought they wee cazy. Then, I e-watched it a yea o two late and saw it as a well-expeienced movie viewe. The eason why Spide-Man 3 wasn't the est it could have een was ecause, in my opinion, it didn't take itself seiously and felt a it silly. (Emo-Pete Pake and him dancing all ove NY with his stupid hai style? The effects of the lack symiote made him a "finge-snapping hipste" at wost, nothing else. Oh my god, those scenes fo me uined the movie moe than the villains. Eveytime I ewatch the movie, I skip those scenes. Really, what wee they thinking?) The movie didn't feel too ovewhelming o ovestuffed to me...o maye it was. I think most of the chaactes could've een expanded upon and developed ette and fleshed out moe (Venom/Eddie Bock, The New Geen Golin/Hay, Pete Pake, May Jane, Aunt May, etc).The visual effects, in some scenes, withstood the test of time ette than the pevious films. In othe scenes though, the CGI felt a it sloppy and cude (Venom and the symiote and Hay and his glide). The music and soundtack feel damatic and iconic, thoughout the whole movie it just adds to the expeience. "The Bith of Sandman" scene was one of my favoite scenes fom the film. It also comines the est of the film's music and CGI. Venom, the most complained aout villain, wasn't too ad ut his chaacte development was ushed. Venom, with his ich stoy/ackgound and the loads of good souce mateial, should have een ette. Tophe Gace didn't look as muscula o evil o chaismatic (depending on which iteation/vesion) as he should've een. Hay and Sandman wee oth fine though. Sandman was eally geat. Spide-Man 3 was too ushed. Sam Raimi didn't want to include Venom and Gwen Stacy, that was the idea of Avi Aad and the executives at Sony/Columia. The poduction, the cew, and the diecto wee ushed and that affected the oveall poduct. Spide-Man 3 could've een the est Spide-Man movie of the Sam Raimi tilogy, maye the est of oth tilogies, ut it just messed up. I wonde what would've happened if Sam Raimi didn't listen to eveyone suggesting ideas; maye things would've tuned out ette. What would've happened if we had a Spide-Man 4? 5? 6? Many people compae The Amazing Spide-Man 2 to Spide-Man 3, ut the only similaity is that they each have thee villains. Spide-Man 3 had Eddie Bock, who ecame villain at the last pat of the film, and Hay Oson, who ecame a heo at the last pat of the film. And Sandman just leaves, and tells Spide-Man he's soy. The Amazing Spide-Man 2 has Rhino, who only a villain fo 10-15 minutes. It also has Hay Oson (again?) and Electo. Both of the latte ae added in nicely and not squeezed in. Spide-Man 3 is OK. The conclusion of the tilogy should have een ette, ut I'm satisfied enough with what we got. If you want to ead moe of my in-depth eviews aout movies and TV shows, please click on my name o on "All this use's eviews". Please ead them and like them, I'd appeciate it. I put eal effot into these eviews. I've also eviewed the othe films in the oiginal Sam Raimi tilogy, and the two films in the new eoot.G6In3D	7	Aug,30,2014	No, seiously. The movie actually wasn't that teile, in my honest opinion. I ecently ewatched Spide-Man 3 (4 days ago, to e accuate), and I have to say: the movie was quite undeated...I'll give the people eading this a minute o so to wap that aound thei heads............................................................okay, minute ove.Now, this would e the pat whee I put, "Some Spoiles Below". Howeve, given that Spide-Man 3 came out in 2007...let's move on.Sandman was agualy the most supelative villain in the movie. The evelation that he was actually Uncle Ben's kille was cetainly an effective plot twist. I tuly felt that I could elate to him as a chaacte. Futhemoe, I elieve that his final scene and "death" was the most emotional section of the entie film.Venom wasn't that adly potayed eithe. I thought Tophe Gace was a decent choice to play Eddie Bock (unlike a multitude of Spide-Man fans...). In addition, the Venom/Symiote suit was also well tanslated fom the comics into the ig sceen, in my opinion. Unfotunately, I found Hay Oson to have een asically "tacked on" to the movie. The "New" Golin's fight with Spide-Man felt uttely pointless (not to mention, he pulled 4 heel/face tuns thoughout the couse of the movie). Othe than that though, Spide-Man 3 was a good movie.I actually found the "Emo Pete Pake" to e petty amusing. In fact, I thought that was the est (and most daing) potayal of Pete in the entie Sam Raimi tilogy.So, while Spide-Man 3 (and I cannot stess this enough) is definitely NOT the geatest Spide-Man movie of all time, it is asolutely not a ad film eithe.guitarguy001	7	Jan,11,2014	I enjoy this movie, ut it does have it's polems. The acting is good, the diection is good, the stoy is paced well and the action scenes ae well done. I eally do enjoy Hay as the golin in my opinion as it ceates a lot of tension etween Pete and Hay as they ae (o wee) est fiends. Pete and MJ finally have a omance, unlike the pevious Spide Man movies and Jameson is always funny. The visuals ae also geat. Howeve, the stoy has so many plot points that it ecomes convoluted and all of them could have een thei own movie. You have the Sandman eing the kille of Uncle Ben, the new golin and his conflict with Pete and the Symiote which ceates Emo Pete, Pete eaking up with MJ, and Venom. Emo Pete was just unneeded and pooly done, instead of showing conflict with the symiote, he appeas to have a good time until he punches MJ and ealized what he has done. Venom was completely undeutilized. When he showed up, he looked geat, ut the vast majoity of the time he spoke, he was unmasked. Why? He looked geat, why do we need to see Gace's face instead of VENOM? He is so fa Spide Man's most anticipated villain to make an appeaance on the ig sceen and  when we got it, it was fo 10 minutes. Disappointing. Even though it's the weakest Spide Man movie, i enjoy watching Spide Man 3. I feel like it's a well made movie as it has good things like the acting, diection, action sequences and the visuals. Howeve, ecause of having too many villains, the plot was convoluted and ALL of them could have made thei own movie.Meth-dude	8	Apr,20,2014	I don't know why citics and people ae so mean with it ecause it's my favouite spide-man movie y fa.Thee is moe action and moe chaactes thee is an awesome plot ut i ageed with the fact that in this movie the acting was petty ad.I ecommend it to eveyody who likes supeheo/action moviesdiogomendes	6	Dec,31,2014	Despite its ovestetched plot, "Spide-Man 3" is not as ad as the audience make it out to e, fo the movie still dazzles when it comes to action and CGI.Bronson	6	Apr,28,2014	The highly anticipated follow up in Sam Raimi's masteful seies ups the ante with 3 villains and the intoduction of the lack suit. The villains showcased in this movie ae Sandman played y Thomas Hayden Chuch, New Geen Golin potayed y James Fanco and finally Venom played y Tophe Gace. On pape this sounds amazing ut in eality.... it wasn't. Too many plot points plague this movie and it tuns into a mess stoy wise. Luckily the action makes up fo it to not make it a total disaste ut y fa the weakest movie of Raimi's tilogy and poaly the weakest Spidey film to date.SpiderPlayer	6	May,17,2015	The film is good, ut not to compae with the last two, the film has plenty of action, ut has some scipt failues, and the elationship etween May Jane and Pete Pake was not so good, the film has some villains and none of them was vey inteesting.notchlover69	5	Aug,27,2014	This movie isn't geat and it's not hoile. In the end it's just a disappointing sequel to Spide-Man 2. They didn't spend much time with Venom o Sandman as they felt vey ushed and didn't have enough chaacte development.SythusRATINGS	7	Oct,22,2014	Spide-Man 3 eunites the cast and filmmakes fom the fist two lockuste adventues of a weslinge with secets, vengeance, love, and fogiveness.JohnMasterL	5	Aug,,7,2015	Spide-Man 3 es decepcionante. El final de la tilogía de Sam Raimi paece una novela cusi y medioce. La histoia es confusa, demasiadas histoias, demasiados villanos, demasiados pesonajes, hacen que esta tecea pate sea incompensile. Sin menciona que Spide-Man 3 cuenta con vaios momentos cusis y idículos, la tansfomación de "Pete ueno a un Pete malo" deja mucho que desea, el esultado final es un Pete emo que sae aila y toca el piano. Ridícula, Cusi y decepcionante. Imaginemos que esta tecea pate no existe, quedémonos solo con Spide-Man y Spide-Man 2.PeterParker	10	Nov,,9,2014	Spide-Man 3 è stato un film fantastico,magai non spettacolae come i pimi due capitoli,ma un ottimo film.Un film fantastico,con la pesenza di te dei miei cattivi pefeiti: Hay Oson alias New Golin,Flint Mako alias Uomo Saia e Eddie Bock alias Venom.Si vede anche Spide-Man con il costume neo che è stata un'idea utilizzata molto ene nel film.Un film che a molti non è piaciuto ma che io pesonalmente eputo un film stupendo.Sonic45X	2	Nov,26,2014	While it's not the asolute wost movie I've eve seen, this movie is so ad that i can aely call this a supe heo movie, let alone a Spide-man movie. While the action is geat, the chaactes and stoy feaking low. The chaactes ae eithe moons o aholes. The only chaacte I like in the film is Flint Maco AKA the Sand Man, eveyone else I just wanna smack them in the face and it's stoy (while epic) is full of eckons and inconsistencies. Unless you completing the entie oiginal Spide-Man collection o if you getting this movie out of cuiosity, I stongly ecommend you DON'T get this movie.jacobshoff	1	Dec,17,2014	Wow this Spide-Man movie was so ad it uined spide-man's name. I mean what a teile movie. This paticula Spide-Man installment is what made me tun away fom spide-man. Just uined eveything i loved aout my Childhood heo Spide-Man. Just hate it peiod.DBPirate1129	8	Jan,11,2015	It's not as good as the fist two and some scenes involving the stange goth-like Pete ae paticulaly cinge-wothy. Howeve, it still fits in well with the seies though with a decent stoyline and inteesting chaactes.Bernolsven	6	Jan,26,2015	[Potuguese] O jeito do Homem-Aanha agi ao enta em contato com a simiose foi no mínimo estanho e constangedo até pa quem ta vendo. A Gwen Stacy totalmente modificada e o Venom magelo mistuado com mais dois vilões (não pecisava de tudo isso mas ok) tonaam esse filme somente legal, e já estava na hoa de acaa as sequências deste Homem-Aanha.UltimateBub	7	Feb,,1,2015	No, this is not a ad movie. Just a little infeio, that's all. And no, it's not the wost Spide-Man film. The ig polem hee was that, it tied to e the iggest film eve, and it neve stood a chance. Many fans will undoutedly e disappointed with how some chaactes ae handled: Gwen Stacy, Eddie Bock and even Pete Pake. BUT, "Spide-Man 3" emains a visual spectacle with entetaining scenes, an inteesting ut flawed plot and a few funny its.homer4president	7	Mar,13,2015	Compaed to the fist two movies, this one had a diffeent feel. It seemed like the actos, at some points, wee woking the lines just a little too much. Ove the top, If I may. Despite some of the cliche lines, I did love the potayal of the intenal attle of good vs. evil. The intenal stuggle is something we can all elate to and it was neat to see a supeheo have some common stuggles.MovieManiac83	4	Apr,22,2015	The Spide-Man seies, which deuted in 2002 and continued in 2004 and 2007, epesents the fist supeheo cycle to complete a tilogy with the same pimay cast and poduction team it had at the eginning. If nothing else, that assues viewes of a cetain degee of continuity. Howeve, while it could e agued that Spide-Man 2 had too little plot fo its sustantial unning length, the opposite could e said of Spide-Man 3. It's eally two movies cammed into one, the fist of which is a lot ette than the second. Spide-Man 3 stats out stong ut efoe it finishes, many viewes will despeately wish it had called it quits an hou ealie. One has to conside that the film's polems - and they ae numeous - may e the poduct of the fanchise's unaway populaity. In each of the fist two films, diecto Sam Raimi was caeful to limit the villain count to one (unless one counts Daily Bugle edito J. Jonah Jameson, illiantly played y J.K. Simmons). Hee, it tiples, and the focus on the ad guys limits the amount of time we have fo the soap opea that is Pete Pake's life. Expectations fo this movie wee sky-high and one wondes whethe the pessue to fulfill them caused the diecto to oveeach his gasp and miss the point that igge and loude do not always equate to ette. The film's setup is effective and feels like a continuation of the pevious Spide-Man stoies. The most kinetic action scene is the fist one, as Hay and Pete tussle though the steets of New Yok. Although Sandman's intoduction is lame, Thomas Haden Chuch plays the chaacte so movingly that might have een possile to ignoe this plot device if it was the only weak one in the movie (which it isn't). The most glaing stumling lock is Venom. He's one ad guy too many. Not only is the ceatue pooly ealized ut its intoduction into the stoy causes eveything to e cowded, ushed, and ovelong. Spide-Man 3 feels like it should end aound the 1:40 mak, ut like the Enegize Bunny on a ampage, it keeps going. The climactic attle is a disaste. It's not exciting and it equies two contivances too excuciating to ignoe (one involves a utle that would make Alfed look dum; the othe involves Sandman's eventual fate). It's unfogivale that the film's last action scene should e so vastly infeio to the fist one. The special effects aen't even all that impessive. Thee ae seveal instances in which it's all-too-ovious that Spide-Man and his nemeses ae compute geneated. This is sloppie than anything in eithe Spide-Man o Spide-Man 2. Thee ae also unnecessay chaactes. I guess Gwen Stacy (Byce Dallas Howad) has een added as a nod to comic ook fans, ut she seves no pupose othe than to make us wonde whethe May Jane is still an inteesting chaacte. He fathe (James Comwell) is equally undeused. Buce Campell gets a nice extended cameo, ut why do his scenes seem like Monty Python outtakes? And, as I have aleady mentioned, eveything aout Venom is a mistake. At the vey least this villain deseved its own movie athe than eing awkwadly shoehoned into a film that stats out eing aout Pete, Hay, and Sandman. Audience eaction to the film at the midnight opening sceening was negative, odeing on hostile, meaning that the coe goup of fans did not like what they wee seeing. It's easy to undestand thei displeasue. Compaed to the othe two movies in the seies, this one is a misfie. It's fo completists only, and even they ae likely to feel let down. Spide-Man and the fist sequel wee eezy adventues - easy and fun to sit though. Spide-Man 3 is a choe. The effective moments equie a lot patience to uncove and some of what has to e shifted to get to them is not woth the effot. People love tilogies ecause it's said that good things come in thees, ut this seies would have looked ette and felt moe satisfying had the filmmakes stopped at two.Urbanlistener	6	Apr,17,2016	Oh what a shame to waste such a geat oppotunity, such a stella cast and such potential on an incedily undewhelming film like this. This movie had so much going fo it, the fist two installments wee home uns, amazing films, they had eveything to make a geat ending to Raimi's tilogy. But Sony has a tendency to ush things with thei movies and also ush diectos in the wong ways ecause the want moe and moe money. They wee so concened with making moe money that they pushed the diecto to shovel in unnecessay su-plots and villains that no one asked fo and just discomoulated eveything and uined the movie. Thee is still some good aout it, Toey Maguie still nails it as Spideman, except the dancing scene, so does the cast fom the pevious ones, thee is geat action scenes, the lack Spideman aspect is inteesting ut not developed enough and the sandman is a petty good villain with a decent chaacte development. But the Hay ecoming the new golin, the Gwen Stacy love tiangle and Venom eing shoehoned in with an awful casting choice fo him aspects wee so incedily ad and unnecessay, they confused eveything and made this potentially geat film a complete mess. I give it a passing gade despite all these negative points, simply ecause of spideman, the cast fom the pevious ones, the geat action scenes it had and most of all the potential it had, the little spakles of geatness that showed up once in a while. All of these positives made this mess wothwhile, just to see Toey Maguie as Spideman one last time.TheDude-	6	Jul,21,2015	Spideman 3 may have geat action and special effects ut the film is just so flawed the amount of plot holes, unlikale chaactes, multitude of plot points ceating an incoheent stoy, illogical chaacte action and motivation, ushed villain oigins, to many chaactes and villains, miscast, chaacte acs uined fom the second film,emo Pete and just a complete lack of any logic.5/10waronasserman	5	May,,2,2015	I dont hate this movie as much as most ut it was a huge let down. It had so much potential to e one of the geatest movies! ut its a shame it tuned out how it did, still with having things to loveNatT96	7	Aug,19,2015	Ok so this movie is my least favoite. It's plot had too much going on, humo was geat, visuals wee geat ut not memoale. This movie tied to do too much, its plot was easily guessale and it wasn't my favoite pat of the movie. Honestly, its not woth watching, especially the ending eithe. I decided to give it a 7 ecause Pete Pake was still Pete PakeBatman2752	7	Mar,16,2016	Don't kill me ut I liked this movie. What I think pissed evey off was just the dancing, emo Pete Pake. Now people will poaly say "ut it so goofy" and to that I say, so is Willem Defoe talking to himself in a mio saying to attack the heat. Now this is not the est spide-man movie and neve will e ut it's not as ad as eveyone saysCineAutoctono	6	Jul,21,2015	The movie was good ut a scene left me a it itte aout how little modal and idiculous action Toey Maguie as Pete Pake with many egos as always ut you spend too TCO than othe films and could not face two enemies at once which is the least impotant. But the good deed will always emain.Jefferygamer200	8	Sep,,5,2015	This film does have a few flaws, such as Tophe Gace's Venom potayal, sota to many songs & dances,  and lastly a disappointing ending. But it does have it's good moments such as, James Fanco's potayal as Hay, Cistian Hayden Chuch's potayal as the Sand Man, J.K Simmons's James Jonah Jameson pefomance is entetaining, and lastly the fighting is the est thing aout this movie. Because the fighting is ette then the fist two films. I honestly sota love this movie, due to it's awesome music, Chistian Hayden Chuch's Sand Man potayal, James Fanco's Hay Oson potayal J.K Simmons's potayal as J.Jonah Jameson , The opening of this movie showing us footage of the fist 2 films efoe stating is petty cool in my opinion. And lastly the fighting it's so well done and choeogaphed.  P.S anyone that says this film is ad should watch The Amazing Spide-Man 2 then ty to say that.aadityamudhar	6	Apr,18,2016	I agee with what someone of this oad said... this kind of movie should e done fo he oad masses o fo the fan ase... sadly, i feel it doesn't satisfy any of them. As a movielove, i dont need cony and cheesy dialogues, o fo the fx to ovelap the stoyline, o pedictale plots (i eally hate that the Sandman was the "kille" of Ben), o an ovethown of supevillains one afte the anothe, I appeciate and I'm thankful (as a movielove) fo the popcon kind of movie -as it allows me (is it all the pofits come fom the tickets o also fom the snacks fo a movie that lasts ove two hous)-, i appeciate the sometimes well executed comedy (honestly, the scene of the dancin' is, as a lack of a ette wod, amusing), and some action. As a fan, I hated (as much as I like Haden and Gace) the casting fo the villains... why don't you make a movie aout spidey and venom, the ock's appoach to aunt may and the attle in the each? Venom is eally eally deep and funny and cinic (please, can anyone hie Todd Mc Falane as a wite fo the next film?)why don't you make a movie aout the Hay's osession to tell the wold who's Spidey, intoducing Liz, Raxton and even, Noman j.? the hated, the complexity... Is it me o in the movie left a piece of the alien symiote in Conno's la?EpicLadySponge	4	Jan,22,2016	It's not such a ad movie and in fact not the wost movie in 2007 ecause I aleady know what movie took that spot. This thid installment is not as ad as you wanted it to e.gameguardian21	7	Mar,10,2016	While spide man 3 isnt as good as the othe two, and has pete pake dancing like a fool, and a teile venom, I enjoyed the est of it, and how spide man stuggles with his powes.AgentVenom117	5	Feb,21,2016	This is asically The Amazing Spide-Man 2 efoe TASM 2 it's what happens when a studio takes contol away fom the people making the movie and its a shame that this was the follow up to the geatest Spide-Man adaptation on film. But if you want to laugh and have a good time with fiends i'd say this would e a pefect film to watch in a so ad its good film paty.Futuredirector	6	Mar,18,2016	Talking aout Pete Pake's elationship with May Jane, Sandman's evenge, Venom's fall, Edwad Bock's vengeance and Hay Oson's situation with his fathe and its the elationship with Spideman, Spideman III is one of the most hated films eve, with not enough action and moe stupid attitudes of Pete Pake and almost moe thille than love than the oiginals.ReelViews94	5	Mar,23,2016	The thee main ecuing chaactes get stuck in a ut and the same can e said of the film itself in “Spide-Man 3.” Afte the significant impovement of the second installment ove the fist, new enty eps a oughly equivalent dip in quality and enjoyment, with Spidey now giving off the faint odo of unning on fumes. A sense of stain envelops the poceedings this time aound. One can feel the effot equied to suit up one moe time, come up with fesh vaiations on a winning fomula and inject ugency into a fomat that asically needs to e epeated and, due to audience expectations, can’t e toyed with o deepened vey much. Big polem with thid Spideyis the scipt, the vey same element that elevated the second yan. Fou yeas ack, vet scenaist Alvin Sagent, with a stoy assist fom Michael Chaon, eniched the pemise fom all angles — emotion, humo and villainy. This time, the magic has eluded Sagent and the Raimi othes, diecto Sam and co-wite Ivan, the esult eing a stoy that would have povenmoe satisfactoy fo a late ’60s catoon-heo TV show than fo a new-centuy lockuste. At the outset, eveything is so hunky-doy that New Yok City looks like Pleasantville. Thanks to Spide-Man, cime is vitually non-existent, May Jane (Kisten Dunst) is a ugeoning musical theate sta, and Pete Pake (Toey Maguie), still studying science at college, is dokie than eve. But evil egins to easset itself on seveal fonts. As Pete and May Jane gaze at the stas fom thei spide-we hammock ovelooking the city, a modest “Wa of the Wolds”-like meteo cashes neay and emits a gooey lack silk that slithes and slides of its own accod. A had-outside/soft-inside ciminal (Thomas Haden Chuch), who tuns out to have een esponsile fo the mude of Pete’s eloved Uncle Ben, escapes fom pison and, though a pocess that defies compehension ut is undenialy eye-catching, tuns into a shape-change named Sandman who can low though the cavens of Manhattan o ecome a giant hulk with feasome pummeling powe. And then thee is Hay Oson (James Fanco), who, still laming Spide-Man fo the death of his fathe, decides to emulate the geat geen one y engineeing a new designe Golin outfit and flying oad and taking to the skies to avenge his old man. Pete acquies yet anothe advesay in the peson of Eddie Bock (Tophe Gace), an aggessive steet photogaphe who vies with Pete to captue the evelatoy shot that will eveal Spide-Man fo who he eally is, a coup that will land the winne a full-time jo fom edito J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons) at the Daily Bugle. The ivaly tuns into outight wa when Eddie mophs into one moe Mavel supevillain, the fanged Venom, whose skills eeily match those of Spidey. Ealy going is enlivened y a couple high-wie action sequences, a Golin attack and especially a vetigo-inducing scene in which an out-of-contol constuction cane demolishes pat of a neay skyscape, sending platinum londe Gwen (Byce Dallas Howad), a classmate of Pete’s, heading towad the pavement, only to e saved at the last second y guess who. But the damatic tempeatue is ought way down y May Jane, who’s ecome a eal dag. Fied, in a poo scene, fom he Boadway play, she pathetically egs fo attention, ecomes petulant when Spidey plants a pulic kiss on Gwen afte saving he, then seeks solace fom Hay. In all his dealings with he, Pete still acts like the pim, naive high school kid he was when fist seen in the seies five yeas ago, as if he hadn’t leaned anything though all his susequent tials. Scipting of the many domestic scenes etween Pete and women, specifically May Jane and Rosemay Hais’ Aunt May, is vey dull and unimaginative. Scipt’s one ig idea is to have Pete/Spidey exploe his “dak side,” a gamit of tiesome psychological value ut with the ovious side enefits of tempoaily suspending his goody two-shoes pesonality and giving him a new, lack costume. All the ploy eally amounts to is an intelude in which Pete stuts aound Gotham with a tendy new haicut ogling women and humiliating May Jane with some aggessive nightclu antics. Given the setup, Spide-Man in the end has to contend with multiple villains in a gigantic action climax that, unfotunately, is too eminiscent of the fist film’s Roosevelt Island episode thanks to the simila impeilment of May Jane. Still, Sandman is a stange and visually inteesting addie endowed y Chuch with a melancholy undecuent. Gace, who could plausily have played Spide-Man himself, povides a spak with something exta as Spidey’s fist majo advesay his own age. Technically, pic is fully on a pa with the pevious enties, which means the visual effects will have fans wide-eyed thoughout.AaronWasserman1	5	Apr,11,2016	I don't hate this movie, when it came out, it was my favoite Spide-Man movie, ut as time went on I ealized it is vey flawed. It has an ovely cowded naative and events that play out don't get the full amount of time to eally make sense, The iggest polem is this movie tied to do too much and gets a lot wong, ut... it does get a lot ight, the effects ae the est in any Spide-man movie, some of the est supeheo fights, and some good pefomances and inteesting ideas that don't get to play out, ut ae thee.FilmClub	5	Mar,27,2016	The thee main ecuing chaactes get stuck in a ut and the same can e said of the film itself in “Spide-Man 3.” Afte the significant impovement of the second installment ove the fist, new enty eps a oughly equivalent dip in quality and enjoyment, with Spidey now giving off the faint odo of unning on fumes. A sense of stain envelops the poceedings this time aound. One can feel the effot equied to suit up one moe time, come up with fesh vaiations on a winning fomula and inject ugency into a fomat that asically needs to e epeated and, due to audience expectations, can’t e toyed with o deepened vey much. Big polem with thid Spideyis the scipt, the vey same element that elevated the second yan. Fou yeas ack, vet scenaist Alvin Sagent, with a stoy assist fom Michael Chaon, eniched the pemise fom all angles — emotion, humo and villainy. This time, the magic has eluded Sagent and the Raimi othes, diecto Sam and co-wite Ivan, the esult eing a stoy that would have povenmoe satisfactoy fo a late ’60s catoon-heo TV show than fo a new-centuy lockuste. At the outset, eveything is so hunky-doy that New Yok City looks like Pleasantville. Thanks to Spide-Man, cime is vitually non-existent, May Jane (Kisten Dunst) is a ugeoning musical theate sta, and Pete Pake (Toey Maguie), still studying science at college, is dokie than eve. But evil egins to easset itself on seveal fonts. As Pete and May Jane gaze at the stas fom thei spide-we hammock ovelooking the city, a modest “Wa of the Wolds”-like meteo cashes neay and emits a gooey lack silk that slithes and slides of its own accod. A had-outside/soft-inside ciminal (Thomas Haden Chuch), who tuns out to have een esponsile fo the mude of Pete’s eloved Uncle Ben, escapes fom pison and, though a pocess that defies compehension ut is undenialy eye-catching, tuns into a shape-change named Sandman who can low though the cavens of Manhattan o ecome a giant hulk with feasome pummeling powe. And then thee is Hay Oson (James Fanco), who, still laming Spide-Man fo the death of his fathe, decides to emulate the geat geen one y engineeing a new designe Golin outfit and flying oad and taking to the skies to avenge his old man. Pete acquies yet anothe advesay in the peson of Eddie Bock (Tophe Gace), an aggessive steet photogaphe who vies with Pete to captue the evelatoy shot that will eveal Spide-Man fo who he eally is, a coup that will land the winne a full-time jo fom edito J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons) at the Daily Bugle. The ivaly tuns into outight wa when Eddie mophs into one moe Mavel supevillain, the fanged Venom, whose skills eeily match those of Spidey. Ealy going is enlivened y a couple high-wie action sequences, a Golin attack and especially a vetigo-inducing scene in which an out-of-contol constuction cane demolishes pat of a neay skyscape, sending platinum londe Gwen (Byce Dallas Howad), a classmate of Pete’s, heading towad the pavement, only to e saved at the last second y guess who. But the damatic tempeatue is ought way down y May Jane, who’s ecome a eal dag. Fied, in a poo scene, fom he Boadway play, she pathetically egs fo attention, ecomes petulant when Spidey plants a pulic kiss on Gwen afte saving he, then seeks solace fom Hay. In all his dealings with he, Pete still acts like the pim, naive high school kid he was when fist seen in the seies five yeas ago, as if he hadn’t leaned anything though all his susequent tials. Scipting of the many domestic scenes etween Pete and women, specifically May Jane and Rosemay Hais’ Aunt May, is vey dull and unimaginative. Scipt’s one ig idea is to have Pete/Spidey exploe his “dak side,” a gamit of tiesome psychological value ut with the ovious side enefits of tempoaily suspending his goody two-shoes pesonality and giving him a new, lack costume. All the ploy eally amounts to is an intelude in which Pete stuts aound Gotham with a tendy new haicut ogling women and humiliating May Jane with some aggessive nightclu antics. Given the setup, Spide-Man in the end has to contend with multiple villains in a gigantic action climax that, unfotunately, is too eminiscent of the fist film’s Roosevelt Island episode thanks to the simila impeilment of May Jane. Still, Sandman is a stange and visually inteesting addie endowed y Chuch with a melancholy undecuent. Gace, who could plausily have played Spide-Man himself, povides a spak with something exta as Spidey’s fist majo advesay his own age. Technically, pic is fully on a pa with the pevious enties, which means the visual effects will have fans wide-eyed thoughout.Koplins	0	May,,9,2016	this movie made me want to vomit.this was a dissapointing. i saw this movie fo the fist time in 2009.The Witing SUCKED. Nothing in this movie made me smile. im glad they eooted it. ut im also sad thei eooting it againAaron_Wasserman	5	Jun,,1,2016	I don't hate this movie as much as most people, ut I don't like it. It is extemely cowded and uins some of the geat chaactes the tilogy was uilding up and gives them lazy dama to futhe the stoy. But when this movie shines, it eally shines.MasterRiley	7	Jul,20,2016	Not nealy as good as the fist two, Spide-Man 3 falls shot of geatness. Its still a good movie howeve. It still has geat action, geat music, geat effects, and amazing poduction value. The iggest polem is the cowded scipt, too many unfleshed out villains, and emo Pete Pake. I pefe pizza time Pete Pake.Snortch	1	May,,5,2007	 This movie has aout as appealing as feshly mowed ove dog poop. I love SM and I enjoyed the fist 2, ut this one was eally a waste. My eyes aout olled to the ack of my head in seveal scenes...especially the contived spidey swinging in slow motion in font of the Ameican flag...as if to say that Venom and Sandman ae the teoists...was supised that the Poud to e Ameican song didnt make it in thee. Guhhh...what a waste!ChuckB.	3	May,,5,2007	 Pedicale stoy and film school dialogue DavidR.	2	May,,5,2007	 I was geneous with this high of a ating. The movie was awful!! I went to see an action film not a stupid comedy. Putting a huge ameican flag ehind spide man is idiculous!! Venom is a east in the comics ut he is meely a witty Tophe Gace in this one. DO NOT see this movie if you like the fist 2. Like X-Men they uined the whole seious in one shot.BigRed	6	May,,5,2007	 Who would have thought that I would actually want to leave a Spide-Man movie?JustinS.	2	May,,5,2007	 A few good action sequences can't make up fo the woeful and ovestuffed plot.BenjaminB.	7	May,,5,2007	The polem with this movie ae that thee ae too many unneccessay scenes. do you want to see how MJ and Hay ae cooking, do you want to see how pete is dancing to expess his evil chaacte taits, o do you want to see how he ties to e a macho? I don't want. Maye they wee ment to e ionic, ut they wee too nomal to e ionic and too stupid to e nomal. the othe movies had no ionie in it, so no one in the cinema got that it was (maye) ment to e ionic. without these stupid scenes and a little it moe fighting-action I would give it a 10.Moo	3	May,,5,2007	 The wost supeheo movie I have seen so fa. Even ELEKTRA and the 1st FF movie was ette than this one. Stupid dialogue (nealy as cap as in STAR WARS), lame actos (o athe flat chaactes), too exaggeated fighting scences, oing scipt (Uncle Ben RIP!?).The only things I liked wee the suppoting actos like Buce Campell and the vey aesthetic "ith sequence" of Sandman.AMovieCriticYo	10	May,,5,2007	 Riveting, touching, illiant. This divisiveness is what spus on geatness. Evey geat undeated action cannot go without eing in question. The film deliveed on its pomise. It ings humanity into its supeheoes, and delives with its comedic and damatic potential and fulfills it. It is like Aested Development meets Supeman 2. An oveall supe film. Also, Hay Oson finally gets to show that he is a likeale chaacte, and not whiny, and his pat in the movie was incedile as a homicidal maniac-on and off again cazy est fiend, who ecomes an amnesiac, fights, and late, gows a conscience. The Geen Golin cooks, and paints. This is hillaious. Also, Venom was a dousche, ut a convincing one at that. Lay off, hates.777	5	May,,5,2007	 The asic stoy line was good and the action was just outstanding ut thee was so many dum sceens they should e ashamed.TomW.	10	May,,5,2007	 This movie may have had alot moe cheesy lines than the fist two, ut it's still an epic Spidey adventue like them also. I can tell many of these people commenting oviously did not watch o undestand the movie. It was hinted thoughout the entie movie that Flint was a good peson. He didn't suddenly ecome good in the end. Talo P. oviously has to go ack and watch the movie again.MattW.	9	May,,6,2007	 I liked it. As a stand alone movie, its geat. Its funny, action packed, and a lot ette than most supe heo movies.JudyT	3	May,,6,2007	 Pitiful movie. Neve did like Toey as Spidey. In the comic he wasn't so nedy, that Clak Kent not Pete Pake.LeeH.	9	May,,6,2007	 A fantastic movie suffeing fom inevitale hype and high expectations. Yes it cams a lot in the time it has, ut how many othe movies could still do it as well as it does? Not pefect ut lots of fun, inging thee villians (o ae they?) into the mix as well as the omance and laughs. If this wee the last in the seies I would e fa fom disappointed - eveything is concluded well given how much it has to do. Thank you Mavel, thank you Sony, thank you Sam!NelsonS.	3	May,,6,2007	 Too many villains with no depth...too long which is one of the est mavel chaactes.Easky	7	May,,6,2007	 This one may not e as good as last 2,howeve,it's a deepe one.ChrisM.	2	May,,6,2007	 It's eally petty ad. I love Spideman and I wanted it to e good, ut it was eally ad. The stoy lacks any kind of depth, thee ae many scenes that didn't need to e in the movie at all and wee just plain stupid. (Like the dance scene in the Cafe). They need to go ack to the dawing oad with the fanchise, ecause it's ecome indulgent, loated and eally disappointing. Don't waste you money on this movie.DavidP.	3	May,,6,2007	 I REALLY wanted to like this movie moe. I have een a fan of the last 2 movies and have had some exposue of the Spideman fanchise (in the ealie yeas). But although thee was a need to fulfill the fanoy wishes the movie falls flat on its face fo petty much all easons. Visual effects although I'm sue they wee pushing oundaies with the sandman 'paticle' effects thee wee some hideous compositing in that movie. Scipt suffeed fom eally cony one lines. Look, I KNOW these actos can act ut goddam the dialogue was so ad they eally couldn't. And the stoy and themes and not to mention some eally supa editing and music. The pacing was too slow and then suddenly ushed in the last 15minutes to set up the final attle. And then, some moe dialogue aout fogiveness and eveyone is ok.SteveS.	2	May,,6,2007	 It fell into all the taps of pevious comic ook films, paticulaly the thid and fouth "Batman" movies -- too many villains and not enough development of the chaactes. The "ad" Pete Pake sequence was deadful and y the end, when Spide-Man was taking on a 40-foot Sandman, I felt like I was watching the Stay-Puft Mashmallow Man fom "Ghostustes." Don't othe.BenB.	5	May,,6,2007	 What a disappointment. This should have een the einging moment fo the fanchise... instead all we get is an asinine plot, cadoad chaactes, and some of the wost dialogue I've head in quite some time ("I'm the sheif in these hee pats!") Sam Raimi, what have you done?Alex	7	May,,6,2007	As fa as some fanchise/supeheo movies go, Spideman 3 isn't ad. its entetaining enough to keep a Monste-addicted high-schoole (me) watching happily fo the two hou unning time. unfotunately, thee ae some depatments whee it just falls shot. the movie has a tendancy to skip aound a it, making it midly difficult to follow, and some of the acting (especially on Toy McGuie's pat) just plain sucks. and then thee was Venom. quite simply, he could not have een moe pooly excecuted. he just came off as an evil, powe hungy vesion of spideman with ad teeth and lack wes who wanted to exact evenge ecause he lost his jo. Venom is one of my favoite ad guys, ut afte this movie, i'm not sue i can still say the same thing. ut, i guess, in the end, it was still a faily good movie. could have een ette, ut its still woth a good ental, o even a uy. oveall, 7 out of 10.Rick	10	May,,7,2007	 Funny, amazing, incedile, goofy, all aound geat movie. The thing I like aout the Spideman movies is the villians. In all thee movies the villian is not just evil to e evil ut a peson who has taken a few wong tuns. [***SPOILER***] Geen Golin had this moment of good at the end same fo the Doc is Spideman 2 and continued with Hay and Sandman in 3. Nothing is as simple as good and evil especially when dealing with people.KairiS.	10	May,,7,2007	 Geat flick. Good pacing. Just enough mix of humo, action, and fun. 2 thums up.KenJ.	8	May,,7,2007	 Oveall it was ok, the ending just didn't make any sense. [***SPOILERS***] The villians ecome these ig soft wussies. They killed off the enemy way too quickly(Venom). Yes lots of cheesy moments ut it is afte all a movie that was ased off of the comics which wee just as cheesy and the fist two films had cony scenes as well. It tends to get a it confusing with all the chaactes eing intoduced at once, they poaly should have just stuck with venom and the new golin. The "depessed" pete pake was a joke, wasnt necessay. The fight scenes wee petty good, sandman appeas aout 10 mins in the movie just like venom...the fight at the end is aout the est pat of the movie, not the est movie ut not the wost eithe, if you can live though the cony lines and all the lovey dovey ullsh.t.NickP.	8	May,,7,2007	 Oveall this movie was geat, ut it did have a couple flaws. [***SPOILER***] Hay dying at the end and little it of time that you see Venom in thee wee some causes fo concen. Also when things wee going down noody explained anything to anyone, like MJ eaking up with Pete and Pete not telling MJ aout Hay, oh and don't foget the utle holding his eath until afte Pete and Hay eat the hell out of each othe. I'm a fan of the seies, ut the fouth one needs to explain eveything so the fans can have some closue.ReelWorld	5	May,,7,2007	 Just caught the film last night and I have mixed emotions. Oveall, it was an enjoyale omp fo a summe movie, ut not without its flaws. The action scenes wee vey good - aleit a LOT of CG that looked oviously so. The plot was all ove the place, and chaacte development was almost non-existent. In a lot of ways, the film eminded me of "X-Men 3" - vey ushed, with a stoyline that jumped etween the multiple plot points way too much. The CG effects of Sandman wee hit and miss IMO. In some cases - it looked eally good - and othes not so much. Venom was majoly undeused and when he was he looked a lot like that dog Milo fom "The Mask" when he sticks the mask on - oveexaggeated fangs, and lacking the potuding jaw fom the comics - just something didn't look ight with him. Add to that the fact that even when in full on fangs and white eyes mode - Venom still speaks with Tophe's voice - no effect has een added to it at all - which quite honestly looked eally off! In some cases it looked like pe-viz wok almost. I knew it would e had to pull of Venom - ut with today's state of the at - I was expecting something diffeent. Acting-wise - well - this is a comic ook film, so I'm not looking fo next yea's potential Best Acto o Actess nominees hee...When Pete goes evil mode with the lack suit, the scenes ae almost too much. I'm not sue what effect Raimi was looking to convey hee, ut I found much of the time he was just acting plain stupid. Spidey's fights while clad in lack ae much moe utal - with him not afaid to go eyond what is necessay in the attle - even to the extent of playing dity. I've long stood y the theoy that Dunst can't act and she once again poves it with a 2-dimensional un at MJ. Chuch, as Sandman, was a thowaway chaacte. They gave him nothing to do except e a stand in fo the CG depatment. Tophe as Bock/Venom eally didn't have ample time to ceate anything of a chaacte - anothe dawack fom the loopy stoyline. James Fanco sways etween acting like Willem Dafoe - ight down to the squinting left eye thing - to Degassi mode when he has amnesia. Like I said - I'm not expecting awads hee unless they'e Razzies. The ig huge attle oyale has its moments of pue wow facto, offset y Venom's comical appeaance. Fo most of the fight, Tophe has the face pulled away, ut you do get 4 o 5 eally good looks at him in full on symiote mode. Without uining anything, the ending was a it of a let-down. The Stan Lee cameo was a nice touch, and Campell as the Fench waite was funny, ut the spidey sense line was ight up thee with the "Holy usted metal" schtick. Again, stuff like that eally detacted fom the film IMO. All in all, I suppose it's a film woth seeing - ut if you go in thee thinking this is the supeheo film to top the likes of "Batman Begins" o the second Spide-Man, you might e disappointed. Woth the pice of admission at a matinée, and I look fowad to the DVD in Noveme in hopes of some deleted mateial to fill in some of the gaps and make some sense of the multitude of stoy acs.PatrickC	6	May,,7,2007	 This movie looks, visually, geat. Too ad the scipt and lack of good acting make this movie unenjoyale. The film is too long with too little action fights which ae the est scenes in the film. The film is a ad addition to a good supeheo seies.Giga	8	May,,7,2007	 A vey entetaining comic-movie with mavelous special effects, naive plot and funny little jokes. What else do you need to elax a it?NickB.	6	May,,7,2007	 This movie was ok ut so many of the key points of spide man wee lost somewhee etween the 2nd and the 3d movie fo example no spidey senses at all in the 3d movie he liteally gets hit in the ack like 14 times without seeing it coming. And it doesn't have a lot of the points fom the comic ooks whee the sand man neve was this good guy who apologized at the end he was always mean so it was ok ut not vey good.RichardR.	5	May,,7,2007	 Oh oy, I was so exicted aout watching this film. I aandoned the gilfiend, sat down with my ovesized potions of snacks and eveages and pepaed myself fo the weslinging event of the yea. This time spideman had a whole aay of polems and ad guys to deal with. Thee was of couse the continuing saga of the mude of his unlce, his fiendship with hay and also lets not foget his effots to make MJ the only woman in his life. And then thee ae the ad guys, Sandman, the hogolin and Venom. Does it sound like thee is too much going going on? Well you would e ight. This film did not have the oldness to follow one theme and one ad guy. I would have een happy to have spideman slug it out with venom, who was extemly unde used, and leave it at that. Fogiveness, commitment, vanity and pide wee all addessed in this final pat of the tilogy and it was had to figue out what the film was tying to say. The effects of couse wee amazing and you know whee all of the money went into making the film. Its a shame afte such a illiant second pat of the tilogy, Spideman 3 left me wanting moe and extemly unsatisfied, maye I need to see it again....NadieT.	2	May,,7,2007	 Loooooooong and oing. Toey can't play a ad guy, looks like a paody of himself. Geat effects ut what's new. Please stop hee and don't make us suffe thu a 4th one.ChadS.	6	May,,8,2007	 A plot convolution that peceeds the final action set-piece pevents "Spide-Man 3" fom soaing to even the modest level of the oiginal(neve-mind the nea-illiant second installment) "Spide-Man". The piece of petinent infomation that Hay(James Fanco) at long last leans is affling in its tadiness, ecause you can't figue out the logic ehind the telle's machinations in needlessly dawing out the long-standing vendetta his employe has against Pete Pake(Toey Maguie). To spill the eans so late in the tilogy seems like an aitay decision on the sceenwite's pat to move the stoy along. It doesn't feel oganic. "Spide-Man 3" peaks duing Maguie's dance nume which smatly deconstucts the movie musical y lifting the veil of nacissism that's inheent in all musical numes. Pake must have some deep-seated jealousy towads May Jane(Kisten Dunst) and he ugeoning musical caee. Since this is appaently the case(Pake neve attends anothe pefomance), thee should e some alteation in Maguie's glowing demeano thoughout May Jane's pefomance of the Boadway show's opening nume as an indicato to his theatened ego.MarkS	8	May,,8,2007	 In opposition to most of the othe eviewes I felt that 2 was a let-down fom the excellence of the fist film. In my mind this was much ette than the weak, epetitive second installment. While it still has polems (it sometimes feels like they had two ideas fo the film, ut neithe would e long enough so they wee gafted togethe, a nume of Geoge Lucas calie ad "omantic" moments, and some scenes that feel foced) it was a wothy sequel. So, consideing that I liked the fist one, felt the second was weak, and am a long-time comic fan (though, not geneally a ig eade of supe-heo fae) this came out as the second-est in the seies and a geat way to spend a few hous.TravisC.	8	May,,8,2007	 People sue seem to e expecting quite a it fom a movie asically made fo childen. It's a fun way to spend two and a half hous and just as good as the fist two.AlexB.	4	May,,9,2007	 Fist let me stat y saying that "Spide-Man 3" was thee-and-a-half of the most medioce films I have eve seen cammed into two-and-a-half hous of su pa editing. Second, I'd like to mention that thee is something to e said aout the fact that the majoity of those that seem to e giving this film any positive eviews ae those that ead negative eviews, fist, efoe actually seeing the movie. Coincidence! Me thinks not! Benificiaies of loweed expectations! Me thinks so! That said, those of us Spide-Man fanatics (made so y the comic ooks, and even moe so y the solid "Spide-Man" and the supe "Spide-Man 2" films) that caught "S3" on an ealy sceening, expecting to see an exponetial impovement in the thid installment, wee (*undestatement alet*) let down like some many eleviated suway tains without a eal heo to stop us fom falling! I, howeve, have something much moe thought povoking than thowing my full-headed mask in the ing of what has ecome a litany of citizism! I have a conspiacy theoy! Could it e that an oviously exhausted Sam Raimi, as well as his cast, took a dive! Why, you say? Reason 1: He's tied! Its easie to make a cappy movie than a good one! (Duh!) Reason 2: Afte the tuly "amazing" fist sequel, and millions in pomo, they knew you couldn't stay away. Plus, contacts ae up! So, why not!?!? Reason 3: With a chaacte as complex and likeale as this one, and with the huge fan following Spide-Man has, as well as the many well know, multi-dimensional, inteesting oste of ogues that litte the Spide-Man mythology, it had een my assumption fom the stat that Spide-Man would ecome the next James Bond, with a seemingly limitless nume of sequels. Sequels that, even if they lost some intigue ove the yeas, would still make only moe money than 95% of the competition! Maye Raimi puposely lew his load with thee villians, ove-the-top (attempts at) comedy, unde-the-ottom damatic pefomances, and the esolution (Pake fogiving the pep) of the diving foce of Spidey's pupose fo cime fighting! Maye Sam and Co. ae saying, "Whoeve takes ove," and someone will (Don't eve undeestimate copoate geed. Thee will e moe Spide-Man movies)", is going to have to stat fom scatch!" So, puely out of ego, they decide to cap in a ox, wap it up in a nice little (well pomoted) package, and smea it up on the sceen fo ou spewing (not a typo) pleasue. Bad fom Sam! Bad fom indeed, good si! But I'm just saying. . . P.S. Venom was in this movie? Oh, that's ight! Natue called! It must have een duing those 5 minutes! I knew I shouldn't have washed my hands! I was so looking fowad to seeing Venom! (Cicket! Cicket! Cicket!)BenM.	6	May,,9,2007	 I dunno aout this one. It's something that felt like oveeaching. Like the oiginal "Batman" o "Wa of the Wolds", some viewes will e fooled into thinking it's a geat movie, ut it's not. It's a medioce movie made up of geat things, good things and eally, eally ad things. I HATED Toey Maguie's pefomance in this movie. And he made "Spide-Man 2" the geat movie it was. My view of the "Spide-Man" seies is like a juicy, succulent piece of meat sandwiched etween two stale pieces of ead. You toleate it, ut you wish the ead was feshe. Spidey 1: 7/10 Spidey 2: 10/10 Spidey 3: 6/10AB	3	Jun,,2,2007	 As a stong fan of the fist two Spide-Man movies, I find myself inexplicaly disappointed in the thid installment. The action scenes ae mildly entetaining potions of an incedily disastous whole. The dialog is hoific, and, at est, the plot is senseless, containing numeous fallacies. Along with Shek the Thid, Spide-Man 3 is a majo letdown.WilliamB.	8	Jun,21,2007	 Good action comined with seveal laughs made it a fun time all aound.JohnK.	5	Jun,,7,2007	 Not an awful movie, ut not nealy as good as the fist 2 movies. Much sappie, and the ending is way too dawn out and ovely emotional. Plus, does evey supeheo/villain have to take off thei mask evey time they speak??? I mean, its called a SECRET identity fo a eason, ut none of these chaactes seem to know that. Even the action scenes aen't as good as the fist 2. Bottom line, I think they tied to do too much. Thee ae so many diffeent stoies going on that it just doesn't flow well. If you'e one of the 2 o 3 people that haven't seen this yet, I would wait fo the DVD.AdamS	4	Jul,,9,2007	 I eally enjoyed the fist two movies, and I've een an off-and-on fan of the comic ook. I found this movie to e one of the most ove-done, ove-poduced, heavy-handed, plot-hole-idden films I've seen in a long time. The diecto / poduces wanted to put so much action into the movie, it's had to follow what's happening within the action scenes. They don't even look emotely ealistic anymoe -- how could they, when you have Spidey and the Geen Golin attling high-speed in a 10-foot-wide alleyway, with numeous explosions and things whizzing y and shouted "witty" epatee that's eally cheese-tastic? I guess the poduces wee going fo sensoy oveload, ut some of us actually enjoy a decent PLOT. The comedy (if you can call it that) is heavy handed and pooly witten; thee's a scene whee Sam Raimi appeas that should have een cut completely as it lasts fa too long, is eally cheesy and adds nothing to the stoy. It's almost like it's thee fo self-gatification and fo no othe eason. Thee ae glaing plot holes that leave you wondeing, why didn't that chaacte say that ealie, efoe all of this happened? Scenes whee Pake is eing a B.A. come off as idiculous. The Moal of the Stoy isn't woked into the theme, it isn't suggested to you, it's HAMMERED into you, YOU HAVE A CHOICE, DARN IT! And in case you don't catch it the fist time, they actually tell you ove and ove again. The whole thing left me eally disappointed and almost offended that the people that made this movie had done this to the fanchise. If this is what the seies is to ecome, let McGuie and the othes go on to othe pojects and leave Spidey alone.kurtc	7	Jul,13,2008	 A petty good film, though not eally a magnificent one. In the comics Venom is muscula and cool. In hee, he's some skinny wimp.AnonymousMC	8	Nov,24,2007	Compaed to pedecessos, Spidey thee is a little choppy, ut that doesn't pevent it fom eing entetaining. the "ad" pete is an asolute last to watch, fom his moe outspoken ehavioal qualities to his feocious spidey fighting. Sandman's an awesome villain, and the ac with the thee fiends was wapped up nicely.JohnM.	10	Dec,,4,2007	 So sue me, I loved it! Action-packed and full of fun. That's what I look fo in a movie.DavidC.	10	Oct,24,2007	 Excellent dazzling a 4 sta opea.EthanR.	6	May,10,2007	 Well fist things fist. The action scenes in this movie ae amazing. But the stoyline is medioce. I pesonally liked all the things that was going on. But each stoyline was petty land. I also would like to say that Toy Maguie had a huge doule chin in the movie and looked eally chuy. This movie had geat special effects ut it doesnt make up fo an aveage movie. The fan favoite chaacte Venom was awful in the movie with only aout 20 minutes of sceen time. The only actos I thought wee into the movie wee Tophe Gace (Venom/Eddie Bock), J.K simmons (JJ) and I don't know his name ut the new golin. Aveage movie oveall. I ecommend that eveyone wait until the dvd to see it!CoryB.	2	May,12,2007	 I think deep down I knew this movie was going to suck the moment I saw the costume they had James Fanko (hay osone) wea. What a pile of tash Spidey 3 is. I agee with my local pape that says J.K. Simmons and Buce Campell should make a movie. My iggest complaint is killing off Venom and lack of scipt. I'm so disappointed, M. Raimi....P.	4	May,12,2007	Yawn - wost of the seies - 2 was petty good and I had high expectations ut oveall I felt cheated - Sam Raimi has lost the plot and I agee with the guy who said Tim Buton should do moe comic movies.DuncanI.	1	May,13,2007	 This is a shocke I went to see it today and I was so disapointed! It is a coss etween Battle Field Eath & Days of Ou Lives. Don't othe youself in seeing it just tell you Kids Spideman was hit y a tuck and died staight afte the ette Spideman 2.BillD.	8	May,10,2007	 Best of the tilogy. Vey successful management of multiple complex chaactes.BrutusO.	8	May,14,2007	 Eveyone is eing little ove-citical hee. Yes, it isn't as good as the last one. Yes, Hay and May Jane have outstayed thei welcome. Yes the exposition of the stoy is a tad too complicated. But if you ae a SpideMan fan, this is still petty good. Fo one thing, Venom is done illiantly. And the Sandman comes in a close second. And Pete Pake is as hapless and nedy as in the comic. And thee ae lots of good suppoting peomances eg J Jonah Jameson, and Roie Roetson, and Betty, and Gwen Stacey isnt all that ad eithe. Should e films e made fo oad audiences, o fo the fan ase? Decide fo youself, howeve the fans ae not ill-seved hee. A little too long (hadly unusual these days), ut a lockuste anyway.An honouale attempt to keep the fanchise going. When does Canage hit the sceen? I will go to the next one.BretG.	6	May,14,2007	 While deliveing what you expect fom a Spideman movie, the film fails to delive as its pedesessos did. The whole time it seems like waiting on Venom to aive in the seies is uneaale. Venom, eing a lage focal point in the tailes and what not, sees minimal time on the sceen and needless to say, it doesnt look like hes going to e in any moe Spideman movies eithe. While it may e the wost Spideman movie its not the wost movie eve made. A 6. Lets hope that the Venom movie can make up fo this, as long as Raimi isnt woking on it.MarcyT.	3	May,14,2007	 Vedict fom two paents and all thee teenages, 2 oys, 1 gil? It was ad. We wee actually oed and wishing fo it to end aleady so we could leave. The Sandman was inteesting, ut the diecto neve decided if he was a ad guy o a good guy, so he seemed like a sidekick at est. Afte you see the Sandman on in the fist half hou, youIanH.	2	May,10,2007	 The witing was hoile, and the action was medioce -- not nealy good enough to make up fo the unealistic chaactes and dialogue.julainmyles	5	May,15,2007	good ut not as good as it could have een, to quote a fiend 'spideman 3 takes the othe two movies and goles thee alls', i dont feel that stongly against it, ut i some of the scenes in the middle like the jazz a? wtf? the ove two films wee sensational, this just got ove the top emotionally, and the comic pake would neve had done that top MJ, the film ove all was alight, ut nothing special, i was expecting much much ette than that.Brent	2	May,17,2007	 Asolutely teile. Venom deseved to e a movie unto himself, not one of thee plot lines. They could have made the movie dak and siniste (see Batman Begins), ut instead they made it cheesey and pathetic (see Batman Foeve and Batman and Roin). Venom could have een aggessive and cool. Instead they tied to make him a cocky ladies man, ut they wee woking with Toy Maguie and Tophe Gacen so needless to say, they failed misealy. It's the wost sequel I've seen since the second Matix. I was liteally laughing at times and coveing my eyes at othes ecause of how ad and awkwad it was.DanaM.	3	May,21,2007	 Awful. I just can't see why the diectos used Toy in the fist place. Total miscast. The dance scene y Pake in the jazz clu was hilaious, ut I'm sue not intended. Emaasing is moe like it. Not woth the $10 to see the movie. Toy has got to go!PaulI.	9	May,23,2007	 Spide-Man is ack! And in lack? Anyways, this movie is extemely enjoyale with memoale villains, attle scenes and dama. But the movie, just like any othe movie, has its downsides.DLM	3	May,24,2007	 Spide-Man 3 is to the we-slinge what Batman & Roin was to the dak knight. ItMatthewK.	9	May,,4,2007	Actually i'd give it an 8.5 ut whateve. this film was flawed, yes. ut was y no means a ad movie, i have seen ad movies (fantastic 4, x-men: laststand, daedevil) and this is not a ad film at all. it's as good as pat 1 if not a little ette. not nealy as convulted as i had thought it's e. it's pacing was all wacky and wong in the last 45 minutes ut othewise it was insanely entetaining. amazing, amazing special effects. this is petty much the etun of the jedi of the tilogy; good ut still has its polems.FilmFella	8	May,,4,2007	 Though the movie is a it long and a it slow at times, this will easily e one of the est movies of the summe and most fun movies of the yea. Smate and Funnie than the pevious movies help 3 find its niche in the Mavel Hall of Heos.Andrewfidel1ty	7	May,,4,2007	 I enjoy this movie. It is inteesting and cinematic.BobS.	5	May,,4,2007	Special effects action is too fast to see and in you face (zoomed in). half the movie is an emotional soap opea and i only saw it ecause i saw 1 and 2TheoC.	9	May,,4,2007	 Powefully gipping, and touching film, and Hay Oson was actually good in this film. Too ad the Eddie Bock chaacte seemed inconsistent, and the plot seemed ushed. Haydn Chuch was geat in the it ole as the down on his luck, the good-heated ut ciminally Sandman, and this film was awesome. Venom was geat in the two halves, and as Eddie Bock, ut I didn't think they linked up well togethe. Just my opinion. Good stoyline, and uddy uddy film.LeeF.	4	May,,4,2007	 Medioce and not enough payoff fo sitting though the oing stuff.JosephO.	10	May,,4,2007	 The people who don't undestand the ooding appaently didn't undestand the mechanics of the mateial that came fom the meteoite. It ENHANCES emotions/powes, so when he is in the lack suit, ALL of his emotions ae enhanced...GregB.	2	May,,4,2007	 This movie has "Blockuste" witten all ove it, ut in this case that is a BAD thing. What I mean is that this was cetainly CALCULATED to e a mega-lockuste, and it looks like all anyody caed aout was making a lot of money. I used to e a ig Mavel comicook fan. I am giddy with joy on the all-to-ae occasions when they get a supe-heo movie ight. The 1st 2 Supeman's did it, the X-Men's got it vey ight, ut thee has een pecious little esides those. I didn't cae much fo the 1st Spideman. I appeciated that it was tying to e chaacte diven, ut a lot of the plot points used a ludgeon instead of a scalpal. So I didn't expect much fom a continued seies. But amazingly Spideman 2 was a lot of fun. Alfed Molina eally elevated the film as Doc Oc and thee wee othe good things. But Spidey 3 was mostly painful to watch. I'd aleady ead a lot of mixed eviews and I expected thee would e polems, ut I just wanted something that would e at least mildly fun. Some of the action MIGHT have een fun, in an othewise decent film. But I was cinging at too many othe factos. I WANTED vey adly to find the edeeming qualities of this movie, ut it was a useless hope. I am eally affled at all of the positive eviews. I eally makes me question a lot of the sophmoic values that seem to e moe and moe pevalent in the society. It seems that people ae losing tack of what good film is aout. On the othe side it seems that lately thee's een a lot of Nic Cage ashing in films that may not have een classics ut that I found entetaining. National Teasue was a pime example of that. Sue, it wasn't the DaVinci Code (the ook) ut neithe was the film vesion of that. And I found Nic Cage's new action sci-fi flick to e good fun. Those who didn't love the comics, please undestand, if thee ae any good ideas in Spidey 3 they ae Mavel's NOT Sam Raimi's. This film is just calculated to take in a lot of money. And fo a time it may just succeed. When citics pick thei wost films of the yea they aely eally choose the asolute tash. They usually choose the films that had a lot of hype and wee supposed to e majo ox office daws. In othe wods, the films that disappointed heightened expectations the most. Within that citeia, I would have the say that Spidey 3 is one of the wost movies of the yea.TomG.	5	May,,4,2007	 This movie was asically all hype. The fight scenes wee played vey well, ut the dialouge was hoile. Toy cant stop smiling can he? Even when he's cying. I eally do not ecommend this movie.RonP.	1	May,,4,2007	 One of the wost films I have seen. Tuly awful in liteally evey espect. If one moe acto cied onsceen, I would have vomited on the ow in font of me. Too convoluted, too unintentionally funny. I can't elieve I won't get these 2.5 hous ack. I can't even get my money ack. I adoed the fist two films, ut Raimi ecame too self-indulgent. Avoid at all costs, and make up a esolution fo youself in you head. I guaantee it'll e ette than this Hollywood tipe.Ryencoke	1	May,,4,2007	 Whee do I egin? This movie was possily one of the wost sequels to a mavel movie. It was hoile. If you want to watch a love stoy fo 2 hous of the movie, go see it. This movie wasn't Spide-man, it was "The Noteook" + "Fantastic 4". I am so fuious on how hoily done this movie was. I was looking so fowad to Venom, and they couldn't even do his chaacte ight. He's the same size as Spide-man if not smalle. And shoots the wes fom the top of his hand. Sam Raimi you seiously scewed this one up.MitchK.	5	May,,4,2007	[ ***SPOILERS***]  If this movie was 1 and a half hous shote with a new ending, less dialogue and stuting/jazz dancing, it would have een geat. Sandman's new, yet conceivale, ackstoy was a good addition to the film and somewhat faithful to the comics. Venom, howeve, was a little less faithful, although the chuch scene was vey good. And Hay's death sequence was actually petty decent and, although it was unde diffeent cicumstances, Raimi made it faithful to Lee's comics. As usual, Rosemay Hais is amazing as Pake's aunt and makes this ide a little less ocky. She and the incedile action sequences (what few of them thee wee) saved this movie fom eing a total aomination. No, what eally made this movie ad was Spideman himself, Toey Maguie. The things Raimi made the dak, cocky Spideman do wee completely ove-the-top. Just utal! That jazz dancing scene in font of May-Jane was God awful. That and the dancing down the steet that kept getting wose y the minute. That and the huge cliches at the end that totally uined it made this one had to watch all the way though. So, this is my suggestion: Keep the Sandman stoy, keep the attles etween Hay and Pete, get id of those damn Fench waitos and Pete's cazy attitude and the jazz dancing and make this a movie eally woth watching. Sam Raimi's ette than this, Spideman 2 was awesome with Doc Oc! This one though, jeez. I say this as an aveage guy going to see an action flick: BRING YOUR GIRLFRIEND!!!! The 3-hou make-out session will e a hell of alot ette than Spidey walking down the steet giving the guns to the ladies. Seiously, lowe you expectations efoe going in. Thee ae some geat effects and action sequences, ut oveall, I'd wait fo the DVD.JimA.	8	May,,4,2007	 I don't eally know why citics ate this movie so low and I am totally opposed to that. The movie was good ut it could e ette if it had a much moe ette end!!KarlB.	2	May,,4,2007	 Honestly TMNT was ette, if you can imagine. This film is hoifying. The dialogue is tite, the acting wooden, the "plot" splinteed, and oing. Even with 3 villians thee isn't enough action. I laughed at the tende moments and cied at funny ones. I feel like I get Sam Raimi, ut his wok just doesn't play when spun out into a Summe Blockuste. I know eveyone will go see this movie anyway, ut I'm glad to e on the ecod saying, don't waste you time.JimB.	3	May,,4,2007	 Was geat until the second half, when Raimi decided to aage us with evey single cliche that exists in supeheo movies, as well as a self-impotant fight etween spide-man, a non-canon venom, and an enemy that to me esemled the stay-puft mashmallow man fom Ghostustes.JoshuaS.	1	May,,4,2007	 It's so ad one wondes if Raimi didn't saotage it on pupose. We'e talking Batman & Roin ad.MikeH.	9	May,,4,2007	 this film is so much damn fun. vey fomulaic and cliche heavy, ut when you have a udget in excess of 300 million, why the hell would you want to e edgy. almost anyone who walks into the cinema knows what they'e going to get. don't expect to e challenged, just enjoy it.DwightM.	7	May,,4,2007	 I give this a 7 ecause in gade-school, a 70 is a C fo aveage. I felt that this movie was aveage when compaed to what we've aleady seen fom this fanchise. I was expecting lots moe ut eceived even less. I am soy to see these chaactes go like this. Alas.RonJ.	10	May,,5,2007	 Cleve and unconvential, this sot of film applies to independent film students, college kids, ut not you aveage eldely cowd o fo the entie family. Still it povides aucous laughte, and despite this division, it is necessay ecause even though it ceates contovesy, it is needed to show that eveyday people ae not one-dimensional people, and that not eveything is so cut-and-dy. Thei message hits this home, and this is why this film is so poweful.JohnB.	10	May,,5,2007	 I went to the theate expecting to e entetained and I was. It has just as much "soul" as the othes and actually pushes moe oundaies than anyone could expect it to. One thing that was a little weid was Pete Pake's doule chin. Oh well.MatthewM.	9	May,,5,2007	Sue its no Spide-man 1 o 2, ut its nonetheless fantastic. CGI at a all time high. Acting most impessive. Definetly a must-see.Patrick	0	May,,5,2007	 Awful movie fom stat to finish. It included evey hoile movie cliche, and was fa moe chick flick than action film. The special effects wee completely ovedone and added nothing to teile acting, dialogue, plot, etc. DO NOT SEE.GeoffP.	8	May,,5,2007	 Cheesy plot and dialogue aside, the acting was vey good, the humo was decent, and oveall good enough action to keep me entetained.LukeA.	9	May,,5,2007	 This is fa fom pefect, ut it still is a fun and exciting installment into the spide-man fanchise. It has plenty of action, laughs as well as seious moments. Its campy and cheesy at times ut thats ecause its a comic ook movie. Go in wanting to have fun and not to citique evey little detail.PerroD.	9	May,,5,2007	 I thought the movie was geat. If you go in expecting it to e as geat as the fist sequel then you might e a it dissapointed. thee ae some solid pefomances fom the cast especially fom Thomas Haydn Chuch as Mako Flint and fom James Fanco as Hay Oson/The New Golin. this one is also alot funnie than the othe two movies with pete pake taking on a much moe emo/goofy pesona at aout halfway though the movie. the effects wee ette this time aound and even povided fo a few jumps out of my seat. my only eef with this installment is that the ending was kind of awkwad and some and left much to e desied. ut esides that the movie was fantastic and will poaly e the est movie of the season.PeterRollingO.	10	May,,5,2007	 In my opinion, the 2nd Spideman was one of the est supeheo movies eve made. It had the pefect alance of chaacte development and action, and flowed smoothly. Because of that lasting impession, I went into the 3d one with extemely high expectations - and theein lies the polem. If you took this movie y itself, and you had neve seen the fist two, you might think this was an incedile flick. And it is... when you compae it to most othe comic-ased films. But, athe annoyingly, thee is a tendency to compae enties of a fanchise with each othe. In tems of what could have een ette aout it, it's not that the film is too long (I love long movies, like Lod of the Rings and Baveheat); it's that, in the time allotted, so much is eing cammed that you kind of want the filmmakes to do one of two things: (1) eithe make this into two sepaate movies, o (2) make it 3 hous long and smooth out the ough edges. It seemed that a lot was left on the cutting oom floo in an attempt to keep this unde 3 hous. I told the guy sitting next to me that I could have sat anothe 30 minutes, ecause the est thing aout this seies is that the chaactes ae so likeale. Sue, some scenes wee dagged out a it too long (e.g. when Pake has a 'ad'-itude and is stutting his stuff), ut that eally didn't othe me, ecause those scenes wee funny (this is y fa the funniest of the 3 movies). Like I said, it just seemed like the edito got a little "scissos-happy" and, as a esult, the film seems choppy at times. Again, this could have een made into 2 phenomenal films o een tuned into a "Retun of the King-ish" guilty pleasue. Regadless, it was woth my money and I would like to see it again, just to detemine if my opinion aout it changes afte a second helping. A mastepiece it is not, ut it does make fo a decent supeheo movie, and I hope the 4th one gets made.JohnnyP.	8	May,,5,2007	 A damn good film that exceeded my expectations. Reading fom the eviews, I didn't expect much, ut hey, it was well woth my time, and I say it's woth moe than one viewing.AnonymousMC	9	May,,5,2007	It eally ashame the citics ae eally messing this up.The film has a dak side alot like the comic.  I'm so glad that this film doesn't put a wam and fuzzy in eveyones heat.It's not suppose to ..A eally unde appeciated film..Maye Fantastic 4 is moe fo the citics liking ....a eally well cafted film..Nice to see the old Sam ways of stoy telling  ..Thank you Sam Rami.......LewisB.	10	May,,5,2007	 Spide-Man 3 is the Lawence Of Aaia of the supeheo movies wold. It is epic, spawling, magnificent, meaningful, eautiful. Anyone who doesn't enjoy this movie must e a petty spoilt at o a cynical old misey. Fo nea on thee hous it envelops you in its wold and makes you CARE aout the chaactes. How's that fo a special effects laden lockuste, a movie with chaactes that matte? The comedy woks, the emotion woks, the action woks. Eveything Raimi ties comes off. The set pieces ae paticulaly astounding, anging fom an out of contol cane to Spidey's numeous attles with the meaty villains on show. Like othes, I think this is y fa the est of the thee (though I loved the fist two as well). It's a moden-day classic, an enaptuing fantasy that exhiits all that's est in moden movie making. An expeience not to e missed.LeeS.	7	May,,5,2007	 Deeply flawed mastepeice. I think Sam Raimi didn't have the time needed to give this movie the edit that it needed. With a ette cut Raimi could easily emove the wose scenes and impove the pooe and moe contived stoy elements. Howeve it will neve e as good as Spide-man 2, which was petty much pefect. Thee ae some eally geat scenes and amazing action sequences, and the stella cast help make the movie fun despite a few ad scenes, ad pacing and foced plot elements.MicS.	7	May,,5,2007	 It was petty good. Not as good as 2 and 1, and somewhat of a let down only ecause we've seen it all efoe. Venom did feel a tiny it ushed and thown in at the end. I think it would've enefitted fom just having the Sandman. Hay could've stayed. Othe than that, was cool.Bill	4	May,,5,2007	 Vey disappointed, although I did like the emo Pete Pake, which my fiend and I got a good laugh out of.SteveA.	7	May,,5,2007	 Thee wee a few flaws. Howeve, this movie had too much heat to dislike. I can pictue Raimi not eing one of the cool kids in school (that was poaly someone like Michael Bay o James Cameon). Instead, he was poaly the sweet, goofy kid with a ton of talent and heat.Willy	3	May,,5,2007	 Soy, ut this movie is insulting. Is it suppose to e okay that thee is no chaacte consistency and any old damn thing can happen as long as a fancy video game demo is thown at us evey foty minutes? To name only a few... he does the upsidedown kiss with the lond gil full on the mouth in font of MJ when he's getting along geat with he, the neigho gil who had a cush on him is thilled that he and MJ ae getting ack togethe, Sandman os anks violently and utally ties to kill him, ut says he was adgeed into doing it (huh?), so he's eally a nice guy; of all the people on eath that walking goo could have stuck to it happened to e Spideman. Please. Let me know when you get ack to filmmaking, Sam.TylerDrainville	5	May,,5,2007	 By fa the wost Spide-Man film yet. They did a vey poo jo with Spidey's dak side and most of the villains hee ae shallow and pulled off quite adly. Thee wee moe laughs in the movie than "wow" moments, which was not what I was expecting. Vey disappointed.Beau	2	May,,5,2007	 Thee is a good movie that could have een made of Spide-Man vs Venom, New Golin o Sandman, ut putting all of them togethe in the same film means that each of them gets the aest of chaacteization and the action sequences ecome a mess. Kisten Dunst has little to do ut e misteated thoughout the film. Toey Maguie is simply not elievale as a ad oy. Skip this film.TaylorP.	2	May,,5,2007	 Quite possily one of the wost movies of the yea- and I enjoyed the fist two (moe the fist one). I simply thought that this film is a poduct of too much money, and too much geed fo moe money. The chaactes ae shallow, especially in my mind Flint Mako one who is chaacteized as elatively ad thoughout the film only to dastically change in the last ten minutes of the film with no waning. In addition to this some of the "damatic" fight scenes wee simply laughale. Oveall vey disappointing movie, and yes, I would like my money ack.ChesterJ>	9	May,,5,2007	 The special effects ae top-notch, asolutely, ut it's the amazing camea woks and the eautifully intewoven stoy that gives Spide-Man 3 it's infallile geatness.HalB.	7	May,,5,2007	 Moe fun than I thought it would e. Yes, it focuses moe on emotion than action at times, ut what's wong with that? Thee ae a couple scenes that fall flat, ut the oveall stoy ac moves along nicely, the special effects ae good (ut don't dominate the film) and the acting is decent. People who give this anything elow a 5 ae way hash. The cameo y Buce Campell is excellent. And who knew that Dunst cold actually sing? o that Toy could dance a it?JoeAverage	4	May,,5,2007	 ...Nice to see Tophe Gace find some wok...e, yeah...Brian	1	May,,5,2007	 Quite simply, the most oing movie I eally wanted to like. Tophe Gace is a Hoile !!!! Edie Bock and an even wose Venom. Venom eing my favoite Mavel chaacte I efuse to watch this Aomination eve again if I can help it. This is such a disappointment and too long!AndrewC	9	May,,5,2007	 This Movie in my opinion is the est of the tilogy, It has new exciting villians which ovepowe the villians of the last two installments. Thee ae howeve a few moments in the movie whee you wonde why Raimi twists the stoy. Othe than that, Spide Man gives off a new pesonality that pleased me thoughout the movie. Oveall, Spide Man 3 keeps you on the edge of you seat wanting moe fom the fom the sceen, and hopefuly, moe installments of the seies fom Sam Raimi.LeightonJ.	5	May,,5,2007	 This was y fa THE wost spidey film eleased. It took an asolute age to get seiously stated and then was ove too quickly. That said thee we a couple of funny moments in the film. One thing that made me laugh ut maye shouldn't have done was the way they tied to make Toey Maguie look mean. The guy is weedy and that is why he woks so well as spidey. He looked idiculous when he was tying to look cocky. I hope that if they elease a fouth that they will have leant fom thei mistakes and actually make a film woth watching and moe along the lines of the ACTUAL Spidey comics.I.Rociter	3	May,,5,2007	 This movie will do well only ecause Spide-Man 2 was one of the est supeheo movies of all time movie goes and fans have come to love the fanchise. Spide-Man 3, in contast, is one of the wost supeheo movies and could kill the fanchise in much the same way Batman & Roin did to the caped cusade. Too many villains, poo dialog, ad plot device, teile pacing, ad editing, a eally emo Pete Pake. I could fill the sceen with polems and you won't elieve me until you see it youself, ut I eg you, if you want to hold that dea memoy of Spide-Man and Spide-Man 2 in you memoy, do not see this thid installment.JamesA.	7	May,,6,2007	 The flaws of the movie wee that it doesn't follow the comic. Venom himself should have een Hulk appeaence (not size). The majo flaw was that 3 enemies divided the action and no majo attles occued unlike Spide-man 2. I say go and see it, the movie was enjoyale.CJawful	1	May,,6,2007	 The following is just my opinion. I'm uttely coect, ut it's just my opinion. I wanted to like this film, ut I didn't. It is extemely shallow and disjointed. The dialog is atocious. The action sequences ae petty good. I wish someone had given me the time codes fo when the action sequences occu and I would have sat in the hallway until the times came up. I felt emaassed fo Tophe Gace. I think he succeeded in making the est out of an extemely pooly witten ole. James Comwell. Toey did fine, ut the diecto needs to ememe that less (weeping) is moe. (Futue diectos of Claie Danes, I'm talking to you.) Some of the emotion that Toey was foced to ceate fom thin ai (due to the lousy scipt) also made me feel emaassed fo him. I fea that some of the odd choices he appeaed to make wee actually the fault of the edito o diecto, ecause seveal times I found myself asking, "Why did his eyes just widen like cazy? Why is he making that face?" James Fanco did fine with pooly witten dialog. Kisten Dunst oviously knows whee a ody is uied. She emits zeo honest emotion in he pefomance. I defy you to watch a scene fom the fist movie with you hand ove he eyes and then distinguish any diffeence in the emotional output of he face. I WANT to like he. It's as if she's neve gotten out of the line delivey fom "Inteview with a Vampie." Also, I'm sick of movies peaching to me. Desiing justice and eing filled with evenge ae NOT the same thing. Reacting to a violent attack with violence does not ALWAYS make the attacke and victim equally guilty of wongdoing. Did you notice "James Comwell" ealie in this paagaph? "Why was he stuck in thee?" you might ask youself. That's the same question you'll ask if you see this movie. Thank God fo J.K. Simmons. He ought actual acting and comedy to the film. The audience I saw this film with seemed elieved and appeciative to e watching a pefomance finally. Buce Campell also did a good jo. Othe comedy in Spide-man 3 feels so contived that it cheapens the entie film. I'm not saying it's not funny, ut...well, you'll see. You'll see when you no dout pay to go see this film and you, like me, will poaly have to look at you shoes duing the scenes with some of the wost dialog since Ja Ja Binks.DanO.	0	May,,6,2007	 Well, this movie sucks, It deseves 0 out of 10 ut what Can I do? Spide-Man 1 and 2 wee indeed geat movies, the second one fa ette than the fist one and I only expected the films to clim highe, the ladde oke in some point and Sam Raimi decided to elease a cheesy film aout a heo who thinks an EMO haido will make him hostile and poweful. The whole movie falls down fom the eginning, thee's no chaacte development at all ecause the diecto tossed a unch of new villains and focused and the weak one, plus he neve lined towads anything, on the contay, you can easily fogot chaactes in the middle of the film and suddenly (afte almost an hou o so) you'll say "oh yeah, that dude was in the movie ight?) to me Spide-Man 3 neve existed, download the estauant sequence and that's it....the whole movie woths only fo this SNL sketch :(CalebC.	9	May,,6,2007	 The Best of the tilogy. Its exciting, thilling, damatic, a it funny, and weid. The Weid comes fom things that the othe spideman movies haven't done. It takes on a diffeent look into comic ook films and its set apat fom them in a temendous way.AlisaH.	9	May,,6,2007	 This movie was eally good, the acting, humo, action, and the omance. It made you feel and hope this guy makes it though to the end, you go oh cap when pete says something stupid to mj o othe things. The only polem I had with the movie was that Venom came in to late. Othewise, I give kudos and wait anxiously fo the next installment.TigsJ.	3	May,,6,2007	It gets 3 fo the only 3 good pats of it. 1. sandman looked cool 2.uce campell 3. venom look midly cool venom got 5 mins sceentime all up 5 MINS and he is moe famous than sandman. this movie was a chick flick also it wasnt spideman it was pete pake and may jane. lamest of the seies. i went in with high expectations i left demanding my money ack.MikeC.	7	May,,6,2007	 If you go into this movie expecting nothing ut flae and glae, then I can undestand how you wee disappointed. To me, the movie was aout the hadships that Pete Pake as a peson had to expeience. I think they should have followed the catoon fo the Symiote. It seemed to..andom. Hay's "amnesia" seved no eal pupose in the plot, and camming Venom into the last 15 minutes was extemely disappointing. I think the diectos had so many ideas fo scenes, that when it came to putting it togethe, they lost focus on whee the stoy was supposed to e in the end. The fist hou+ felt slow-moving, and the last 30+ felt extemely ushed. Vey X-Men 3-ish... :/RobertM.	5	May,,6,2007	 Spideman 1 - new way Spidey got his powes Spideman 2 - Doc Ock was geat! Spideman 3 - Spideman meets Lifetime netwok; Toey McGuie dancing in a jazz clu? I mean, come on! This movie is quite possily the wost one of the thee. Tophe Gace as Venom is weak-he played Eddie Bock just as he played his chaacte fom That 70's show - a whining lose. The intoduction of the chaacte, Gwen Stacy, is just in case Kisten Dunst does not etun and consideing he lack of scipt, I dout she will etun.Tonydannie	4	May,,6,2007	 What is eally sad is that X-men 3 was ete then this. I always said this was going to e the Supeman 3 of the seies. And just like supeman tied to take on the Nuclea weapons in the fouth one. Spide-man will take on the Bush Administation on the next film. Fo shame.JoeR.	3	May,,6,2007	 Spideman 3 is a movie that is incedily fomulaic, with the only eak fom past convention is a decease in action, with the empty spots filled y angy coming-of-age convesation. The movie gets a 2/10 fo the plot, gains a point fo the wondeful (as usual) pefomance of James Fanco, gains anothe fo the supisingly illiant wok of Thomas Haden Chuch, and ultimately falls ack to 3/10 due to the cinematogaphy, which consistently finds some way to make Kisten Dunst look unattactive.NateC.	10	May,,6,2007	 Bette than the last two. You've got the lack suit, Sandman, the New Geen Golin, Gwen Stacey, and Venom. Tophe Gace as Venom was awesome. I loved it and hope it is not the last.AnonymousMC	8	May,,6,2007	Not as good as the fist 2 ut still is woth seeing. Ties to mix too many su-plots, too many chaactes, and in the end gives solutions that eithe a in ahuy o not so convincing. But the humoous stuff ae good (even McGuie ehaving as jek makes u laugh ut THAT s the intention, people!), the dama that ALWAYS was thee (check the pevious Spideys) is hee too and action in nevetheless awesome. I expected MORE of couse. ut to call this a ad movie is WAY out of line...RobB.	6	May,,6,2007	 The dama with MJ almost uined this movie fo me. She is like that annoying Ja Ja Binks chaacte in Sta Was I. She needs a much much smalle ole in Spideman 4 o none at all. The special effects wee cool, ut some wee so fast I could not tell what happened. Oveall it was good entetainment and if you liked 1 and 2 then definitely go see this one.RichardH.	10	May,,7,2007	 Honestly, a lot of people just didn't get this movie, the fact of the matte is, the fist two spideman films came out of nowhee, no one thought they would e good, and they lew eveyone away ecause thee was so little expectation, now that this film had so much hype eveyone is suddenly hype citical of it. The nay sayes can shove off quite fankly, this is a cleve, funny, action packed, all ound excellent film. It shocks me that people ae picking holes in the funny pats of the film fo eing too cheesy, when that's exactly what they wee supposed to e. Honestly, too many moons went out to see this film ecause of the hype, and that's the only eason a lot of the eviews have een poo. Because the film is anything ut.MostafaF.	9	May,,7,2007	 I saw the movie, and I eally think it deseves a 9 out of 10. Even though thee ae scenes not included in the movie (included in the tailes only and othe scenes would have een ette if included). Ultimatley, this is the est movie in its tilogy, in tems of its stoy,effects,acting and the amount of effot and heat that has een put to this movie (two and half yeas in the making). I eally hope that it gets Academy Awads in Effects (Visual and Sound), Editing. Fo people who haven't seen the movie yet, I highly ecomend it and thank you fo the eades fo you time to ead this, I appeciate it.AndyH.	7	May,,7,2007	 I can only descie this film as a missed oppotunity. It could have een an epic, and indeed completed an epic tilogy, possily one of the est supe heo movie seies of all time. But it was not. Thee was no lack of sustance, eveything needed was thee to ceate the movie it should have een. Howeve thee was also a lot moe than was needed, and it was pooly put togethe. I do not have a polem with long films, ut this should have een shote. The wites seemed to feel the need to tie up evey loose end, which I do not think is necessay o compelling, whethe thee is to e a sequel o not. Puely fom osevation it seems thee was conflict on what the wites wanted this film to e, which is a shame. All though it is not my place to say how it could e impoved, I think the emoval of at least one villain would have een a stat. Complicated films ae good, ut they should not e complicated due to an oveflow of content, and this type of film should e simple if you wish to view it in such a light. Spide-man 3 is complicated in all the wong ways.JosephA.	9	May,,7,2007	 Supe. This movie does a fantastic jo of lowing you away with amazing action, giving you a good laugh, and touching you heat all @ the same time. It was an excellent finish that eautifully satisfies the stoy that stated in the fist film y inging Pete full cicle. I can't fo the life off me undestand why anyone is complaining o putting the movie down, seiously. It was illiiant. I'm so glad they didnt mess this up. A pefect tilogy with possiility fo amendment. It's definitely my favoite of the 3. Definitely see it!!SamC.	1	May,,7,2007	 One of the wost movies I have eve seen. The emotional peaks and valleys the diecto ties to convey ae ovely damatic and cheesy. Half of the movie is nothing ut choppy convesations and awkwad pauses; the othe half is special effects that vault so fa into the ealm of impossiility that one is soon oed with the staining tedium of it all. The only eason I gave it anything out of ten was Aunt May. Rosemay Hais is a gifted actess that has een suounded y mediocity thoughout the tilogy.Tom	2	May,,7,2007	 By tuns idiculous and tedious, a piece of gaage. No pacing, no uild-up, no suspense, no excitement, nothing holding it all togethe, just altenating etween catoonish action sequences, and unelievaly tedious and tiesome pseudo-sentimental convesations. I don't know what happened to the diecto who made Spideman 2. Maye a little lack glo of guck came fom oute space and took him ove. Thee was one excellent scene, the one whee Flint Mako ecomes Sandman, which had me saying "Cool!". Too ad thee ween't moe like it in the film.PriyaH.	6	May,,7,2007	 The movie is cetainly entetaining with its fai shae of dama and laughs and should e seen with that intention. If you ae hoping fo the same depth that was seen in Spideman 2 you will e disappointed. This movie shows how sequels can go wong, especially when expectations ae so high. In tying to outdo the pevious spideman the makes have gone too ig. Thee is enough mateial in the movie fo pehaps two moe diffeent spidemans to e made, esulting in the stoylines not eing popely and fully dealt with and eing sidelines, lost in the ace to fit all the action into a 2 hou 20 minute maathon. The effects have gone too ig, the stoy too small with the esult that the dialogue is cony and the emotional scenes ecoming funny.MelissaB.	2	May,,7,2007	 It was teile. Thee was vey little entetainment value. Special effects wee ad, scipt was teile. Buce Campell was the only entetaining it.JeffH.	8	May,,7,2007	 I went with some vey citical fiends who eally disliked the musical scenes and thought Pake's antics with the dance nume wee totally unnecessay. My othe and fiends hinted that the movie tied to involve o cove too many theads of diffeent chaactes and such. Did they ead o hea aout othe people's thoughts afte opening night? I could have done without the dance scene and pelvis thust myself, ut the comat and special effects wee astounding. Yes, thee wee a few chaactes to keep tack of, ut thee was just enough ackgound stoy to give the oigin of these chaactes some sustance athe than just thowing up some new villians out of nowhee. I think Sam Raimi could have done a ette(diffeent) way of showing Pake's vengeful side, ut all in all the movie was petty good. Keep in mind people - this movie is ased upon a comic ook chaacte. Comics aen't exactly known fo thei extaodinay plots.PaulD.	8	May,,8,2007	 Spide-Man 3 is going to split audiences. Pesonally, I love it. It has a temendous lend of humo (Including geat inside jokes), action, dama and special effects. Howeve, some people will find cetain aspects too cheesy, o miss cetain jokes (I was the only peson in the packed theate who eacted to the appeaance of Stan Lee fo example). I sinceely hope that the eaction is not unjustly ad - it is my favouite of all 3, though I am almost cetainly in the minoity - as it's no secet that eveyone wants a Spide-Man 4.Ryan"TheMan"K.	9	May,,8,2007	 Though not as supeio as it's pedecesso "SPIDER-MAN 2" and while it's definitely (in my opinion) ette than "SPIDER-MAN", this thid installment is exciting, suspenseful and dazzling with moe villains, ette special F.X and some fesh elements. I enjoyed it alot and it should e viewed y many fans of the seies!!!AlexL.	4	May,,8,2007	 This is a good example of how to completely oliteate a fanchise. Admitedly the second film wasn't exactly fantastic (equiing some athe lage jumps of the imagination, especially due to the peposteous comic ook science). It was howeve vaguely loveale, sot of like an ugly puppy with cooked eyes and an insuffeale hait of epeatedly yapping to attact attention. This film howeve was not loveale on any level. The scipt witing was poo, the acting was aysmal and the evil (emo) Pete Pake was emaasing. I did howeve get a good laugh when the sandman fell into the "open ai" de-moleculaize. "Si thee seems to e an inceased silicon mass in the de-moleculaize"..."Don't woy it's poaly just a id, it'll fly off when the engine gets stated". All I can say it must have een a petty heavy id to cause a 16 stone ise in weight. It's een a while since I've een so eage to get out of a cinema. Special fx wee good, othewise this would e a 2. If you'e a fan of spideman I would suggest that you don't do it to youself!BlatherscyteBlunderbuss	8	May,,8,2007	 Spide Man 2 should have een called Docto Octopus 1. Whee the pio sequel's villain oveshadowed the supposed potagonist's weak stoy ac, in Spide Man 3 the stoy is all aout Pake -- as it should e, IMO. If you want to see deep and fleshed-out villains, this is not the sequel fo you. If you want to see Spide Man, it's nealy as good as the fist film!KevinN.	2	May,,9,2007	 Oveall, this movie is an unsatisfying, sad mess. I mean eally sad: thee ae multiple scenes with nealy evey majo chaacte teaing up. A lueing, ay-faced Toey Maguie sealed the doom of this film which tuned out not to e escapist entetainment of any sot. Because of the spectacula aial special effects, the dakness of the film feels stilted. Thee ae chaacte and plot continuity polems which distact, also. I didn't connect with the chaactes: none wee paticulaly sympathetic. What made Venom a spide vesus some othe type of villian is puzzling. Why Sandman gows to a 200-300 feet size is also unexplained. It also felt long--it was at least one hou efoe Spideman even stated to tun into the evil, lack vesion. Toey Maquie as a cocky, ad oy is so unelievale, it's laughale.ShaunL.	4	May,,9,2007	 The witing was so hoile it made me want to cy.MattH.	3	May,,9,2007	 WOW! You can eally tell sam doesnt like venom!. lazy stoy, did he and the wites foget that john jameson is an astonaut? ushed gwen stacey in and out, and its almost like a love stoy etween m ami and the sandman!?. ig action sequences spoiled y nonsensical plot twists! anyone cae to answe why the hogolin wasnt good enough fo hay osone in this film? ut on the uppe hand my gilfiend who doesnt follow comics o tv shows loved it! so a 3 it gets.StanleyF.	6	May,,9,2007	 While this is a modeately enjoyale movie, and we get to see the chaacte gow and lean, it suffes fom the eginnings of "sequel ot". Once again the wites seem to have decided moe is ette and included thee villains. Sandman, at least, should have een saved fo his own movie, not wasted as a seconday. And the chaacte development sequences also seemed to dag - maye shotening the movie would have made it ette.BrianK.	2	May,,9,2007	 Awful! Teile sequel, just plain ad The acting was teile, the witing so ad it was laughale, simila to Batman and Roin in tems of fanchise uining stupidity. [***SPOILER ALERT***] Tophe Gace as VENOM??? ae you kidding me??? The Baddest, most vile and coolest Spidey villain played y that wimp fom that 70's show!? Venom is hadcoe, he was potayed as a one dimensional, wimp in this movie. The ending too was just plain stupid, and sappy. Please M. Raimi don't go the way of Lucas and uin you illiant Supeheo fanchise! I imploe you, ut you may have with this stinke!DaveK.	3	May,,9,2007	 Well this is definitely the wost of the 3. The movie seemed to dag on and on and on, aout half hou too long. And 3/4 of the scenes had Pete pake cying....too much omance, not enough action, and just awful. thank god its ove.JohnA.	3	Jun,10,2007	 This movie was completely uined y the half hou o so in the middle whee spide-man is taken ove y the lack suit.ClaudineD.	5	Jun,10,2007	 I have neve undestood the appeal that the spideman movies have with citics. Although the action is flashy and tue to the comic ook gene, I have always maintained the Toey MacGuie and Kisten Dunst ae gossly miscast in oth oles and offe little depth to thei chaactes. It is eally the villains and side chaactes that make this film watchale.KristofJ.	10	Jun,12,2007	 I'm an action junkie, and this movie was made fo moviegoes like me! I was looking fowad to Venom to hit the silve sceen, and was not disappointed. But I was supised that my favoite chaacte was actually Sandman. The effects on him wee amazing! Osca-wothy. Definitely woth my $10 ucks. I'm getting this on dvd fo sue!DylanD.	7	Jun,12,2007	 Although I'm an action junkie, this movie was still not amazing as fa as dialogue and stoy goes. Loved the villains. Venom is what got my ating up.AlexG.	2	Jun,10,2007	 Although the action sequences wee exciting, the stoy was teile and did not live up to the fist to movies. Also, the whole "walking down the steet looking cool" scene in the middle of the movie was stupid, and too long. Toy Maguie did not fit fo that scene, and Kisten Dunst was vey ad. Don't othe watching this movie.ScottM.	9	Jun,,2,2007	 Totally moe inteesting, action-packed and dazzling than the fist two, ut as a dama is whee it doesn't wok geatly. Spide-Man 3 may have a mild issue with an identity cisis whee it ties to e scay and/o funny, ut it's a lockuste woth catching!J.W.S.	2	Jun,28,2007	 What a hoile excuse fo a movie. If it wasn't fo the action scenes I would have ated it a "0". Maguie looked like a complete ase in his supposed "Joe Cool" scenes. I felt hoile even watching this cap. Kisten Dunst is a teile actess in this film. Cap, cap, cap...just all aound cap. Don't waste you time seeing this gigantic tud sandwich.AlecT.	3	Jun,30,2007	 I eally want to like the Spide-Man movies, as the comic was a favouite, ut the Spide-Man in the movie is just so damn whiny! Gow a spine dammit! And of couse, Spide-Man 3 was just atocious. Too many chaactes, a tuly izae "dance" scene, spectaculaly ad dialogue...the list goes on. If you haven't seen this movie, save youself the gief and watch Tansfomes twice.GrantD.	10	Jun,,3,2007	 It's a geat movie. I give it a 10 ecause it teaches fogiveness and it has Venom in it!KrisS.	6	Jun,,7,2007	 Good special effects is the highlight of the movie. Pete Pake's venom stage was uttely idiotic and uined the movie fo me.GrayceC.	10	Jun,,9,2007	 FUN!!! That's what this movie is. Thee ae funny moments, touching moments, and lots and lots of action. It's a total last. I loved it!R.S	2	Jul,21,2007	 Why is it so had to make a good sequel?? Especially, since the fist two ae eally good? Why do diectos and poduces have against thei fans? Did they let 5 yea olds wite and edit the scipt? The plot had nothing going fo it, and how all of the sudden did Spide-man's est fiend get supe powes? What happened to Kisten Dunst's acting skills? Was she on cack the entie time they shot the movie? It seems that the lull of the luce got to these poduces and wites. All they needed was some gaage with Spide-Man 3 on the font and they knew they'd have thei millions-millions of disappointed fans too. What a sham!Sophie	5	Jul,31,2007	 I loved the fist two movies. Spide-Man could get a 9/10 out of 10 easily, and I'm willing to give Spide-Man 2 a 10. This movie was decent enough fo one viewing.. ut vey vey disappointing. It is on pa with Fantastic Fou 2, and Spide-Man movies ae nomally so much moe than that.TheMan	0	Sep,,7,2007	 If you took a ig suck on a fat mans ass you wouldn't even come close to the how hoile the movie eally is. WOW. My keyoad can't put into lettes the depth of suckness that is equied to descie this move.AnonymousMC	8	Jan,12,2008	Spide-man 3 was the #1 movie i wanted to see of 2007. I saw it on 6 May. I have to say it is not as good as the fist two. This movie dagged a lot, which eminded my of the old days of sta was ep. 2 and peal hao. the acting kinda went down a it. I have no idea why people ae going off fo the scene whee Pete is dancing in the steet. that was funny. Oveall, this movie is not a ipoff. It's just not the est of the spidey tilogy. I give it an 8/10AshleyM.	10	Mar,30,2008	 This movie was atistically amazing and had a lot of geat aspects!!!SteveO	6	May,,7,2008	 Spide-Man was a classic and even Spide-Man 2 was good enough to keep me entetained... Spide-Man 3, howeve, is a unch of BS. Eveything seemed to collapse. What happened to the stoy and acting? This is a unch of nonsense! Uneal and stupid.SamG	0	May,,8,2008	 Aysmal.Ovely-long, teile acting all-ound (with the possile exception of Hayden-Chuch), Pake dancing, giving kisten dunst TWO songs, awful dialogue, messy fight-scenes and wost of all, a shot of spideman posing in font of the Ameican flag. Don't get me wong I've got nothing against Ameica o patiotism, ut that made me feel nauseous. Uttely uish.KeithJ	5	Nov,30,2007	 Loaded with illogical and unlikely events, it feels like an excuse fo special effects and to tie loose ends. That said, the special effects ae good. So if you want to patly disengage you ain, this movie is satisfactoy.BryanM.	7	Nov,,5,2007	 what is so wong with this? it is a geat action movie and yes I know they gayest thing aout it is it has way to much love in it with may jan. ut that lack spide man was so cool. the only ad pat is I did not get to see the ending i saw it on a us tip. o and hay is a ad villen. he got his utt wopped to easy.SteveC.	7	Nov,,7,2007	 Thee is a lot wong with this movie, ut in the end it's still entetaining.CraigG	2	Nov,,9,2007	 This movie was asolutely awful, the comedy in the middle just completely disjointed the film, and it was soooo long. Utte doss.BrianD.	0	Oct,24,2007	 They have officially killed my favoite childhood supeheo.GiovanaC.	10	May,11,2007	 It is a geat movie with a lot of action and ceates a lot of diffeent emotions y it's development. The pefect closing fo the sequel and is going to e on the top 3 of the lockustes of this summe. A good movie if you watch it with a positive attitude.MarkC.	9	May,11,2007	Geat movie , ut they just dont make comic movies like they used to. No eal atistic ceativity. Tim Buton should ceate moe of them. He almost did Supeman etuns and it was gonna e geat, ut he then tuned it down fo some eason.FrankF.	0	May,10,2007	 How difficult is it to find a cast that has talent? Quite difficult appaently. My favoite pats wee when I had toule distinguishing etween Toy Maguie's happy face and his angy face. And I think I have a cadoad ox in my asement that has moe talent than Kisten Dunst could eve muste. Two thids of the way though I almost got up and walked out, ut I decided to give it the enefit of the dout, thinking it might get ette yet. I could not have een moe wong. It just dagged on into olivion. I was hoily disappointed.MikeW.	5	May,12,2007	 Special effects wee fine, as expected. But that no longe is a ig deal in action cinema as all ig udget pictues ae expected to look spectacula. So we must judge the film on moe taditional gounds, such as acting, sceenplay, etc., and on these fonts, the film is vey uneven. I'm not kidding when I say that the sceenplay seems to have een witten y Opah, given the lengthy and numeous outpouings of emotions y the chaactes, usually done spontaneously and melodamatically such that none of it is eally elievale. Indeed, at many points I cinged at the so-fests, and even laughed out loud at othes. Really, it's that ad. I don't even want to see Toy Maguie ty to "cy" again. Wait fo the "idge scene"; it's camp at its finest. So the acting is out the window. Same can e said fo much of the witing, which is undeveloped, used chiefly to keep the plot moving fowad, and eveals litle aout the deepe thoughts of the chaactes. This is all quite supising given the amount of time that the chaactes actually spend talking. At times they just wouldn't seem to shut up, just aling on mawkishly aout thei guilt o feas o the depths of thei love, none of which seems seems to much matte to the audience. We hea thei pain, ut we don't cae. We simply don't know the chaactes well enough. Thee ae too many ad guys, the comedic moments ae awkwadly dawn out, May-Jane is a self-asoed whine who ecomes moe shill will evey seen, pushing us fom feeling indiffeence to he chaacte to active contempt. The only tuly enjoyale pefomance was y Tophe Gace, who genuinely seemed to enjoy his chaacte, and ought geat zeal to the ole. I look fowad to seeing him in futue films. As fo the est of the Spide-Man cew, well, I won't e going out of my way to pay them any seious attention.ChandlerW.	1	May,12,2007	 This movie is good fo one thing: Uncontollale laughte at the izzae and pepetual non-sequitus and atocious acting and scipt-witng. But as fa this movie eing a coheent, decent, and mildly convincing film in its intended fashion, it get a 0. No, less than 0. The quality of this film-making is so poo that it will have you wondeing if you ae deaming, o if Sam Raimi decided that the Ameican Movie-watching pulic was too inattentive and sedate to notice the diffeence etween a good movie and a pooly edited, acted, and witten montage of complete sh...RayT.	7	May,12,2007	 Ruined the comics, spent to omuch time camming in Chistian moals and pinciples. Spide Man 2 was ale to have its moals and still e an oveall achievement.Riren	7	May,12,2007	 The weakest of the thee existing Spide-Man films, it's still quite entetaining. Spide-Man 3 wades into catoony logic, odeing on the style of Asian comedy/action flicks fom time to time. It's opening is its weakest point, with the chaactes acting iationally o eing downight stupid, and the plot setups eing completely contived (the evil lack costume liteally falls fom space, and is neve given an oigin o motive - it's just a mean little puddle of slime). Once action sequences ae geat, the humo is efeshing, and compute gaphics ae eautiful (eally - Sandman's fist empoweed appeaance is one of the most eautiful compute effects in the histoy of film), ut the dama is all hammy and silly. Also, with thee villains, two love inteests and a dakening heo on its hands, the movie has too much mateial to pace itself popely, leading to a disappointing climax. Fans of the comics should e waned that the eloved Venom isn't done justice, not y the scipt, not y the teile acto they cast, and not y whateve genius decided Eddie Bock should spout pointy teeth when unmasked, and that he should unmask evey two minutes. Definitely see this in the theate, though; it's the est way to appeciate the effects, and to lose youself in its muky atmosphee.RichS.	9	May,12,2007	 I liked it. It was fast paced, ut easy to keep up with. Chaacte development was petty good ut could have een much ette with some of the new chaactes to get people who don't aleady know them up to speed. It's definitely diffeent than the fist two movies in tems of style ut still vey good.LouisH.	10	May,13,2007	 I couldn't help ut notice that the countless eviews fo this movie had a lot of vaiety. My vote may not make much of a splash in the eview puddle, ut I though this movie was FANTASTIC!!!. My favoite pat is when he is king of the steets. I laughed so had that I cied. You'll poaly love that scene too. Watch this movie!BobL.	10	May,13,2007	 Best Spideman movie eve, was a it distacting with multiple stoylines ut it did eak opening day and week ecods so its not that ad i'm sue if a 4th one wee to come itd e even ette.SpideyThree	0	May,13,2007	 Awful in evey way. Please, I eg you not to waste you money!The villian apologizes at the end. 'Nuff said.Kathy,KarlandBearL.	9	May,13,2007	 A vey satisfying development of the Spide Man chaacte oveall, despite the jaded citiques of the ADD citics. Sandman's tumoil woked as a eflection of Spidenan's angst, and ought into light the facto of fate and how much one has contol ove ones destiny. I eally enjoyed this movie.SubM.	10	May,13,2007	 A geat Movie with non stop action, excitement and thills the 3 villans tied into the stoy and theme of evenge, etayl and the dak side of someones chaacte vey well a huge impovement ove the second film.WilliamJ.	7	May,14,2007	Like the last two, with moe jokes and cony pats. Vaious things ae wong with it and a lot is good ut unfotunately it cannot live up to the last two.MaikB.	2	May,15,2007	 What a wasted tip to the pictues. Tyed to keep awake all the way though! Dont waste you money on it.DiegoV.	4	May,16,2007	 Yuck! This one sucks. I eally hate it, its the wost of the seies so fa. I love the fist 2 ut this one is as as as it takes. So much oing moments and ad witing that I gave up. I eally hate almost eveything did in this pile of cap. Spide Man Emo sucks ad!PaulF.	9	May,16,2007	 Spide Man 3 despite what some citics have said is a good film. Sue it had its polems, mainly the length of the film and a it too many suplots. I felt Spide Man 2 was the est of the thee in tems of oveall composition. It was like a eally good piece of ockin candy keeping you hummin till its last scumptious cunch. Spidy 3 howeve was moe the soul of the seies. I think this is most impotant in an ea of movies which oveloads us with vanilla. You eally got a sense of Pete's sensitivities, his huts, loves, and the dak pats of his soul, mainly his quest fo evenge that only only manifest against his uncles kille ut also a peceived unequited love. I'm happy they have made this film and do not think it was a mistake, no a sell out iding on the coattails of the pevious two. I elieve in the yeas to come this film will e see as the most atistic of the 3 and ecome somewhat of a cult classic.KenG.	4	May,17,2007	 This seemed like filmmakes wee going down a "to do" check-list, athe than engaging in coheent stoy-telling. Plus, I've neve liked Maguie in the ole.PrestonJ.	3	May,17,2007	 While poduction values wee geat and the visual effects wee at peak pefomance (especially with the sand man), the est of the films aspects cumled. The action shots wee done too tightly leaving the fights undecenale as apposed to the many wide shots used in pevious films so you could actually whatch the action happening. The scipt was waaaaaay too cheesy (even fo a Spide-man film). The villians wee used as cheap excuses to add action as opposed to futhe plot and thee wee fa too many of them. As a esult none wee developed into thei full potential as an actual nemisis (as Vemon was in the comics and the animated seies as well as the Geen Golin). By tying to sell to the family audience these chactes end up eing side thoughts as opposed to the haowing evil they wee oiginally. Then thee ae the ovelylong silly sequences (such as a elaoate swing dance section in which it feels as though M. Raimi was auditioning fo Chicago 2 athe than making a eal movie) as well as Buce Campells etun as comedic elief. All in all the movie had some decent pats ut Toey McGuie is not a visital enough acto, the scipt was an execise in silliness, the diecting was sloppy and undecenale at times, and nothing was developed enough to make you cae aout what was happening to the chaactes.HollywoodDeBoer	3	May,20,2007	 Half a illion dollas when into this movie, and I spent half of it coveing my eyes eause i felt pesonally emaased fo toy and evey acto that unfounetly staed in this peice of gaage. I undestand that it is had to make a movie when you have fan-oys eathing down you neck, ut oy this isn't even close. The lack suit was supose to make spideman stonge and faste and meane, it just made him emo and a pick, and heaing tophe's gace come out of venom in full suit left a lot to e desied. Next time, maye explain what the suit does to spideman pyhsically not just mentally. 500 million dollas down the tues. Heck, that money could have een moe well spent hiing some oiginal wites.MattR.	2	May,21,2007	 Teile. It felt like the poduces decided to take the "est" its, and ty to wite a stoy aound them. Incedily, this movie manages to oth suck and low!S.J.	7	May,22,2007	 This is one of those movies I will have to see again efoe I give full judgement. The cetainly good elements wee the special effects, the est of the thee and some of the est I've eve seen. I was especially lown away with the cane scene. Thee wee pats in which it felt scatteed, ut the humo I thought was taken up a notch and it felt moe like a comic ook stoy with some class. Black and white stong messages, inspiing heoics, exciting action, and engaging dama. My main specific complaints would e, as afoementioned, it was scatteed at times. As well, one of the villains needed to e a little stonge, the last fight should have een longe and moe climactic, and the ending should have a little it moe stoy wapping...such as a wedding o at least his poposal finally happening. Also, venom should have een seen as moe evil in the end. I thought the stoy with Hay was good...ut him tuning evil, then good, then evil again, seemed a little out of place. But the ending was good Oveall, I would say this had the makings of eing a good supe-heo stoy ending...and futhe films may mess it up. Howeve, it may give a chance to make an even ette ending.DesireeC.	5	May,22,2007	 The second spideman movie was the est out of the thee. Thee was too many chaactes that wee intoduced and not enough time, The effects wee outstanding the acting howeve was not.Frickinmedia	1	May,23,2007	 I like Spideman 1 and 2. But Spideman 3 has to e the wost supe heo movie since Batman and Roin in 1997. Cony stoyline and they ely too much on CGI compute gaphics. Why the hell is Spideman in the CGI fom 95% of the time in the film??? Even when he's doing something simple like standing o walking, they used compute gaphics fo it. I hea people saying the special effects in the movie is amazing. Special effects in movies ae suppose to look eal and unnoticeale. They'e suppose to make you questioned if what you'e seeing is the eal thing. Spideman 3 special effects looks too fake and catoony. It seems like they didn't have time to add in all the little details (shading, maks, flaws, etc.) I undestand that Toy is not has well uilt as efoe, ut at least they can do is find a ody doule fo the full Spideman suit ecause the CGI Spideman is LAME.Dan	3	May,23,2007	 I plain hated this movie. Half the time I was just laughing at how stupid it was. Toey eing a "ad" guy had me nealy in teas as it uined my whole image of Spideman. It also tied to do way too much. Too many villains and sappy moments. Why they didn't make a movie with just Venom is eyond me. He shouldn't have een in the movie at all the way they did it. So yea: this is a ad movie. Don't waste you money.LouisS.	10	May,24,2007	 KOOOOOLLLL!!!!!!!!!!ArthurC.	7	May,24,2007	 The good stuff is awesome. But the stuff that sucks, eally sucks. Sam Raimi adds on a little too much which weighs the film down fom eing a pefect 10 to a decent 7. The attle scenes ae stunning and thilling, and Venom poves to e a geat villain ut movie should've focused on him.BenjiD.	2	May,24,2007	 This movie was comically ad. Liteally evey line of dialogue wee cony, stilted, o pooly deliveed. The movie ecomes especially stupid duing the middle pats with emo-spideman. The chaactes wee pooly developed and cliched, especially Sandman. Howeve, the unintentional comedy povided y the hoile scipt and acting is often laugh out loud funny. The one decent aspect of this movie is the special effects, and, consideing this was the most expansive movie eve poduced, they had ette e. To e honest, I'm not sue how anyone could like this movie. If you must watch it, do so with the sound tuned off.HeleneC.	2	May,25,2007	 This movie was filmed in ADD - attention deficit disode. Events don't follow each othe logically. Monstes ae mis-matched. This film is a latant attempt y the studio to ean moe evenue while offeing eage movie goes nothing in etun.stupidman	3	May,27,2007	 Loved the fist one, LOVED the second one, shocked y the thid. Boing and pointless. I was expecting a mamouth display fom venom. ut failed to deliveHyperShadow	7	May,27,2007	 I enjoyed myself. The special effects wee good and the stoy wasn't ad. The ending wasn't magnificent y any stetch of the imagination, ut good enough. Venom was a nice addition and the Sand Man was okay. Had a vey comic ook feeling to it and while it did make a move towad the late lame Batman movies of that seies it didn't quite make the complete cossove. It was a diffeent Spideman than the pevious two, ut like I said it was enjoyale... that is minus the lame scenes of Pete Pake tying to e cool .... that was completely uncalled fo.BenR.	9	May,28,2007	 I'm not ovely picky when it comes to films like this, as long as it has a good stoyline, good action and special effects and some humou, ok, so thee wee a few things in the film that could have een impoved, ut thee wee scenes like lack suited spideman fighting sandman in the suway that made this a petty good film, what happened to going to the cinema to just have fun, I think some people take things too seiously.CorneliusM.	8	May,30,2007	 I feel that this installment was the est out of the tilogy. Fo the fist time since the fist one I felt excited aout Spideman, and it will get a unt of citicism fo attempting to delve into a deepe stoy line than we have seen. But the action is phenomenal, as usual. What eally makes this one the est to me though is the wit, in the fist two you would see a scene o two of that, ut this film eally has it's own sacastic wit aout itself that is fascinating to watch. If you could only watch one of them, Spide-Man 3 is the one.AdrianWills	2	May,,3,2007	 Unfotunately, something just went completely wong with this movie - despite the fist two eing eally well made. Thee's not nealy enough action fo the movie it is (o could've een) and most of it is inteupted y deay and tiesome sappy sequences etween chaactes. And the entie sequence efoe, afte and including the jazz a scene is oth too long and possily one of the most unnecessay and cheesy pieces of cinema I've seen in a few yeas. I was [emphasis on the wod was] a huge fan of this seies, I'm not a comic ook feak and I just thought this movie completely missed the plot. And all espect fo Stan Lee in his oiginal witing, ut what his he doing with a pointless speaking ole, give the cameo ut make it inteesting and enjoyale. Any action sequences and Spideman-isms thee ae in this movie is what's made it a 2/10 athe than less. Disappointing.LewisB.	10	May,,3,2007	 Spide-Man 3 is the Lawence Of Aaia of the supeheo movies wold. It is epic, spawling, magnificent, meaningful, eautiful. Anyone who doesn't enjoy this movie must e a petty spoilt at o a cynical old misey. Fo nea on thee hous it envelops you in its wold and makes you CARE aout the chaactes. How's that fo a special effects laden lockuste, a movie with chaactes that matte? The comedy woks, the emotion woks, the action woks. Eveything Raimi ties comes off. The set pieces ae paticulaly astounding, anging fom an out of contol cane to Spidey's numeous attles with the meaty villains on show. Like othes, I think this is y fa the est of the thee (though I loved the fist two as well). It's a moden-day classic, an enaptuing fantasy that exhiits all that's est in moden movie making. An expeience not to e missed.BenjaminR.	4	May,,4,2007	 I am vey disappointed with this movie; I sinceely elieve that Spideman 3 can e consideed among the wost comic adaptations made in the ecent yeas, alongside Batman 4 and X-Men 3. I have to admit that the FX wee geat, ut I eally wanted to see moe of Venom and moe of the things that the lack suit just can do. And what can I say of the end? It was one of the wost I haveeve saw in my entie life!  When I was thinking that Batman 4, X-Men 3, Catwoman and Supegil wee the wost, Sam Raimy just give me anothe one![Anonymous]	5	May,,4,2007	 Too many wasted villains, too many suplots. And please, someone should illegalize the "John Tavolta" act of Toey Maguie. But oveally, if you can look past the uselessly complicated suplots, thee ae some good action scenes, especially the ones with the Golin. But I still think Venom and Sandman got wasted.GregD.	5	May,,4,2007	 A huge disappointment. Some pats wee extemely cony, at that is extemely disheatenly as the fist two wee wondeful films.MartinL.	3	May,,4,2007	 M. Lee--What ae you talking aout? Spideman 2 was infinitely ette than 1. And why do you think people even cae aout the fist 2 films? It is simply ecause of the chaacte development, not the oing CGI cap/action that can e seen in Powe Ranges. Please, you sound like an idiot. This film was awful and unoiginal.Spiderman	10	May,,4,2007	 is awesome ... hey is a movie fantasy, is not fo the osca is fo take a eak...A.Stuart	3	May,,4,2007	 This just wasn't good. It seemed like Raimi took numeous shot films centeed aound Spideman and decided to mash them togethe. Because he tied to squeeze eveything into one movie, Raimi wasn't ale to focus enough on a coheent stoy o any chaacte development. Thee wasn't even enough oom fo the good old we slinging though the steets of New Yok. Fo such a long movie, nothing was accomplished.ScottW.	8	May,,4,2007	 Just as good as the othes. It could of een the est though.They just mix up the plots to much.Captainmarvel	3	May,,4,2007	Film students all ove eath, go see this film to lean how to mess up an othewise good film, ten minutes efoe it all ends. sam aimi, who seems to have asoulte contol of eveything somehow looses focus towads the end, making all the vilians kind of apologise to spidey and spidey fogiving and cying while doing so...who is going to apologise to us? fo elieving this movie and paying the ticket pice? how ae we suppose to leave the theate wanting to e a supeheo and humming the tune when at the end, they make spidey seem like a gily man? they didnt even have a hadcoe spidey tune when the cedits stated to oll at the end...oh what a cime this is!...it stated so well...ut ended in a manne even a supeheo cant save.SeanP.	10	May,,4,2007	 Blew me away, into the sceen! Wow a heat catche.MattD.	1	May,,4,2007	 Long, dull, oing, full of cliches. CGI was geat, ut not nea woth it. Do NOT ecommend.AndyS.	3	May,,4,2007	 I wanted it to e good. I almost willed it to e good. Alas, it was not good and, sadly, It wasn't even medioce. The pacing was off, the dialog was off, the humo was off, and even the CGI just didn't seem that inteesting. Even the est CGI can't save a ad scipt. Slight of hand is geneally moe appeciated than a slap in the face; I had ed cheeks y the time the cedits olled. Am I naive to hope fo a ette Spide-man than pat 2?PaulT.	6	May,,4,2007	 A it too long and I would of pefeed a moe good vs evil movie, with at least one ad guy fom stat to finish. But still nice to look at and a laugh at times.BenS.	1	May,,4,2007	 A tain weck of a film. The supe-geneic misundestanding that leads to a ift etween Pete and MJ seems like something out of the wost episode of the wost soap opea eve. The ovedone action scenes made up less than 10% of the film, and wee teily paced. The only thing that held me fom walking out was the in-theate esponse. I nomally un with age when people even whispe in a theate, ut my theate seemed like one of the ette episodes of Mystey Science Theate 3000. I laughed hade at this movie than I do fo most comedies. Dialog wise, this movie should go down in histoy next to Plan Nine Fom Oute Space. I wouldn't ecommend this movie to my wost enemy.KenC.	5	May,,4,2007	 Playstation 2 is to Playstation 3 as Spide-Man 2 is to Spide-Man 3: highly anticipated, completely ovedone, and definitely disappointing.NormaS.	3	May,,4,2007	 Boing, Boing, Boing. I thought it would neve end. The stoy was weak, the filming was awful and the special effects wee amateu. In addition to this I had to sit thee fo ove 2 hous. The only thing that saved this movie is that it appealed to my 10 yea old son, though he despised the kissing scenes.ShabbirK.	4	May,,4,2007	 As a Spideman fan and a look at tailes coming out of Sony, my expectations wee cushed. The movie should have een called "Spidy, Golin and MJ love stoy". A tuly disapointing expeince, the wost was the audience oke in to convesation often duing the film, that show film failing to involve them.BrianA.	3	May,,4,2007	 A eal mess of a film, at least compaed to the fist two movies. I think things stated going downhill towads the tail end of the second movie, and hee, we see the Spide-Man fanchise nose dive. The stoy is clunky and oing (episodes of "Days of Thei Lives" have moe inteesting stoy acs), and even the action sequences aen't that amazing. And as Pake tuns into the lack Spide-Man, the movie almost tuns into some sot of stange slapstick. Really should e a disappointment to anyone - and a huge disappointment to fanchise fans.Jmon	5	May,,4,2007	 Cheesy and iddled with plot holes, ut not as ad as the "ed" eviews make it out to e. Ganted I'm not a devoted spideman fan (this applies to the comics as well as the fist two movies), and expected at est a cony ut divesionay Hollywood CGI fest. Thee ae a nume of genuinely funny scenes (the paade and Venom Toy come to mind) and the plot moves fast enough that it is difficult to ecome too oed o to dwell on the illogical plot and oveall titeness. This quick pace is also the movie's main failing, as, has een stated, thee is simply too much cammed into the film, making it kindof a gaag of two dimensional sulots- sandman, fo instance, was unneeded and detacted fom the moe inteestin venom and hay plots. howeve, the film (cedit toy and kisten in paticula) maintains the oveall cham and eeziness of the fist two installments and, despite its cliche moalizing, avoids the insensitivies and meanspiitedness of most movies of its ilk.AtomK.	2	May,,5,2007	 God this movie sucked, I was checking my watch 1/3 the way though, and at the 3/4 mak I'm wondeing if thee is going to e any plot showing up. The fist fight scene is some eally geat adenalin filled action. The movie looks good and that's aout it. I don't want an EMO spidy.JonahH.	8	May,,5,2007	 Afte eading all the incedily negative eviews I was expecting this to e one of the wost letdowns since the almost unwatchale Ja Ja Binks/Sta Was tilogy. Tuns out the movie is actually eally good, its only main issue eing a it too long and slow in some pats. They could have cut aout 15 minutes fom it and it would have een fine. I'm not sue what people wee expecting ut I find this Spideman to e on the same high-level as the othe two, and I have to laugh at the doom and gloom eviews that many of the majo citics have taken, they ae eally way off the mak this time. This movie has laughs, sad moments, and some excellent action scenes. Well woth the wait.SatyamC.	5	May,,5,2007	 The movie is decent ut as a huge spide man fan, it just doesnt cut it. Geat action ut the diecto uined the movie y making Pake seem like a fool. Also poo acting y Pake as he can't cy and takes away the seiousness fom the movie. At key moments we as audience tend to laugh instead of actually feel ad. Also to easy to pedict.JamesP.	9	May,,5,2007	 Oviously those who ae eviewing this movie have neve ead the ooks they ae ased on. Spide-Man 3 was fa supeio to the clich'e events that took place in Spide-Man 2. The execution of 3 was pefect. It was well paced and the chaactes wee all vey well defined. I'm sue it was no easy task fitting 40 yeas of comic ook histoy into thee, two and a half hou movies, ut Raimi pulls it off with pecision. The movie touched on many emotions. The only flaw I found with this movie was in Venom's chaacte. A. Venom has azo weing. B. Speaks of himself as "We' as apposed to "I". C. No hinting to the ceation of the chaacte "Canage".DougG.	10	May,,5,2007	 Awesome movie with a geat message that moe young people need to lean!PammieB.	10	May,,5,2007	Asolutly amazing movie. pue mastepiece. geat suspence, many tuns, and a vey unexpected ending. DONT MISS!!!JaredB.	9	May,,5,2007	 I just saw this film last night. At fist, I eally didn't know what I was in fo. By the end of the movie, I was glad I chose to go. Aside fom a cony and convoluted love stoy, this was the est of the tilogy. And, I didn't think they could do any ette than they did with spideman 2. I loved it!!!!!JosephG.	2	May,,5,2007	 My wife and I staed at each othe in diselief duing Pete's dance scene. The film's tone is completely inconsistent. Special effects ae undewhelming. Spidey's costume still looks too glossy and doesn't look like Toey M.'s figue. Scenes seem to epeat themselves. Othe scenes feel like outtakes fom SM2. The fist time Venom spoke, I laughed. He's supposed to have a feasome, ough, gumly voice, not sound just like Eic Foman. The film is so long, ut it feels as if nothing happens. What a waste!MelvinG.	2	May,,5,2007	 That was awful. Vey poo acting, stoy and editing. This fanchise is done... "Spideman Begins" anyone?AMovieCritic	9	May,,5,2007	 Once again, I'm going to have to disagee with the citics on this one. This movie was ette than the 1st one, and it completely BLOWS AWAY the tea-filled, slow paced 2nd installment. This movie e-captues the feel of the fist Spide-Man and mixes it with the impoved effects fom Spide-Man 2 (and eally tops those as well) to ceate a nealy pefect Spide-Man movie. Best supeheo movie I've eve seen. I was eally into it. And afte spending the entie 2nd movie sulking and lacking any edeeming qualities, Hay eally is ought ack in the 3d movie as a vey likale chaacte. The scenes involving him and Pete ae whee the movie's at its est. Then thee's the dak Spide-Man, also eally high point of the movie, and thee's the awesome Venom.... Thee's just too much geat stuff to count. It does seem a little convoluted at fist ut it eventually evens itself out and ends up ceating a vey fun, action-packed movie that definitely outdoes the fist 2 in almost evey way imaginale. Definitely woth seeing. Would have een a pefect 10 if the scipt was edited...just slightly. Please keep supeheo movies at unde 2 hous, guys....StevenS.	3	May,,5,2007	 Really ad. All the themes and ideas ae fine, ut the execution lacks any sense of emotional eality. The action sequences ae pedictale in thei pacing y the end and the stoy itself is a flimsy skeleton to hang them on. I loved Spideman 2, so to me, they eally scewed this one up.SegioC.	10	May,,5,2007	Really cool, action, histoy, good effects.Liz	8	May,,6,2007	 Loved this Spideman movie! My favoite out of the thee.Czar	2	May,,6,2007	 Complete cap, the stoy was eyond stupid, the fight sequences wee so lame. I know its a comic and eveything ut make the things that ae happening at least slightly elievale o in line with the laws of physics. Way too much animation and it was way too ovious. 45 minutes into the movie I was looking at my watch waiting to get out.Warmonger	8	May,,6,2007	 I thought it was a vey good movie, except fo a couple of scenes, that didn't eally elong in this film, fo instance, "dak" Pete Pake stutting his stuff efoe enteing the cafe. All that was missing was the Bee Gee's singing staying alive! and of couse the infamous dance scene at the cafe....what we'e they thinking?!! I don't mind a little con ut this went way eyond cony,it was just plain emaassing!.... the ain dops keep falling on my head scene in the second movie pales in compaison!! I eally hope they omit these scenes on the DVD.KenR.	5	May,,6,2007	 Too Many epeat elements fom the pevious films, too many cookie cutte villians, no development whee it was needed and ovedevelopment in the emotional side of chaactes which we aleady know vey well, a lot of epeat themes fom the pevious films too, how many times will spidey dout his ailities?, how many times will may jane e a flake in he pesonal life? and the most inteesting villian is appaently destoyed in the end, it simply wasnt what it could have een. Sometimes 2 is good enough.DanielJ.	8	May,,6,2007	 It wasn't as good as the second one and the fist was still a little ette, ut 3 is still good. On the po side, it was definitely the deepest of the tilogy and had the est chaacte development in Pete, MJ, and Hay. On the con side, thee was too many coincidences (the sympiote falling next to MJ and Pete, Mako stumling into the paticle physics expeiment) and Sandman wasn't developed enough. I feel that Venom and Hay wee, though. The focus of Venom was moe on Eddie Bock and his gadual hated fo Spidey/Pete until it consumed him fully. Hay was juxtaposed to Bock to show fogiveness despite his hate. One last thing that ugged me a little was Sandman himself. Geen Golin and Ock wee intoduced in a way that seemed scientifically possile, while Sandman's ceation was kinda idiculous and was left unexplained. Spide-Man 3 was definitely good, ut it sags at a few times unde its chaactes' own weight.Matt	10	May,,6,2007	 Ok...maye it doesn't deseve a 10... ut it definately DOESNT DESERVE A ZERO! ... we love the chaactes...and this is a geat continuation of the stoy. ...to call it ad is just Sou Gapes ove the depth of the last one. ...the thing that pissed me off is the Stan Lee cameo, and some fa fetched things. Still a must see.Bigpapasteve	9	May,,6,2007	 I eally enjoyed it. It wasn't pefect, thus the nine. I liked the fact that it had thee villains, ut I thought sand-man and hay should've died the fist time, that way, he could focus on venom. In my opinion, it was ight up thee with the othe two. I actually enjoyed emo pete. It was petty funny stuff. In the end, you eally should go and see what you think. I can sit hee and tell you aout it, ut you should go out and make you opinion. (you need the execise anyway) It's at least woth a ent when it comes out on dvd.Andrew	8	May,,6,2007	 Entetaining comic ook heo kind of stuff. My only eget is the ending, just a touch sad. Othewise, if you ae a spidey fan, then you have to see it.Kris	2	May,,6,2007	 Tophe Gace as "Venom" is like Jack Black as "The Cow", totally miscast! Guess I'll have to wait fo the next "Batman" in ode to se a geat heo film. So long, Spidey, it was good while it lasted.Wolfiefish	5	May,,6,2007	 A choe and a oe. And I'm a Spidey fan. Read the onion eview I totally agee. It was OTT. yes I know it's a supeheo film. When Pake "ecame ad", why did he adopt a Hitle haistyle? He also looked like the lead singe of Placeo. Whats going on? Buce Campell stole the film. Campell fo Inspecto Clouseau. (If thats how you spell his name)KirkD.	4	May,,6,2007	 What huts the most aout this movie is the failue to meet expectations. DonBrendanO.	2	May,,6,2007	 Vey disappointing. Cheesy dialogue, idiculous musical scenes. You could tell the actos didn't uy into the scipt. People in the audience wee actually laughing out loud duing seious emotional scenes. I guess it wasn't a hoile film, just eally eally ad, and consideing that it followed two illiant pedecessos with Spideman 1 and 2, that made it all the moe disappointing. I did actually like Tophe Gace as Venom and Buce Campell's shot scene was vey funny. I eally hope they don't make a fouth. Batman & Roin anyone?KentP.	7	May,,7,2007	 OK, I ead the use eviews pio to going to the movie, so I was expecting the wost to egin with...It wasn't as ad as the "ed" votes would have you elieve...sue thee was some sappy gaage at the end of the movie....sue thee was some ovely dawn-out pats in the eginning that could have een editted out...ut fo the most pat the movie was quite enjoyale...people hee talked aout the pacing eing pooly executed...I thought it was ok....people hee hated the humo...I thought it was geat - (and funny).....what's wong with that anyway ?....The action sequences wee vey cool - fast and destuctive - full maks thee, in my opinion......I actually liked the tansition to cocky Pete Pake with the dak suit on undeneath - that was vey VERY funny to watch - and the whole John Tavolta stut, with the Jazz dancing stuff was also funny.....hey, it made me laugh - it wasn't "that" ad, people.....This is not supposed to e "dak" is it ?.....This is not Batman......In any event, sue - they could have made it ette y tweaking a few things hee and thee, ut oveall it was enjoyale - (and I am a hash citic)......By the way, I saw this in a so-called IMAX theate.....I did not see what the ig deal was with IMAX - it looked almost the same as any othe egula wide sceen theate - save you money on the ticket pice and see it in a egula theate....Ciao !MichaelB.	8	May,,7,2007	 Geat flick. I'm petty supised at the nume of people who wee unhappy with this movie. They cove a ton of majo stoy elements, thee's non-stop action, and plenty of awesome special effects. Not as good as the 2nd movie, ut definitely woth seeing.RayM.	5	May,,7,2007	 None of the heat of the pevious 2 movies. Felt steile and pieced togethe. Vey disappointing, especially coming off of the geatest comic ook movie eve made (Spideman 2).JohnnyS.	9	May,,7,2007	 Amazing Movie! Compelling stoy, geat attle scenes, tight villians. i elieve its the est of the seies. the only polem is that thee ae a few too many emotional love scenes o sad attle scenes.ToddS.	9	May,,7,2007	 Enjoyale, intiguing, geat mix of effects and emotion.AaronN.	4	May,,7,2007	Thee wee a few decent action scenes o this movie would have eaned a 2.  God awful acting almost all aound (Tophe and Buce eing notale exceptions).  some tuly cinge inducing scenes w/ Toy stutting down the steets of NYC.  they spent a quate of a illion dollas on a movie ut didn't othe uying a decent scipt..  too many villians each pooly developed. * the editting was hoendous, the movie felt an hou too long. See it at the cheap theate :(PaulY.	7	May,,7,2007	 Too usy. Thee villains is too many, especially when the fist two movies woked eally well with one villain each. Venom was especially undeused, asically appeaing in only one scene and coming acoss as laughale with a siniste ceatue spouting the voice of Eic Foman. On the plus side, visuals, acting, fight sequences, etc wee all as top-notch as the fist two installments of the seies. It was those stoytelling aspects that kept Spdey 3 fom eaching its full potential.KyleB.	2	May,,8,2007	 Most often dull. They waited to long to gte to Venom, a chaacte who could fill an entie movie on his ownJohnC.	8	May,,8,2007	 Honestly i thougt it was good. Thee have een a lot of expectations suounding the film, ut it was solid. Not as good as the second, ut i judge movies on thei own meits, whethe they ae alone o ae ina tilogy. A good end to a geat tilogy. woth you time.AlL	4	May,,8,2007	 My fist eaction was 'not as good as the fist o second spidey movies'. Then I watched them again and ealised that they wee neve that good to egin with, and this one is no ette. Eveything that was cheesy, annoying o nonsensical aout the pevious outings wee epeated AND enhanced in this one- hee's a few of my favouites: 1- Aunt May will always tell a long, meandeing and wholly pointless anecdote aout the past efoe making an uttely edundant point. 2- People who ecome waped supe-villains will always lame Spideman fo eveything, instead of ealising that thei pedicament is thei own stupid fault. 3. Pete Pake is a supemely confident supe-athlete ONLY with his spide-suit on. While in steet-clothes, and without a full-face mask to oscue his vision, he will ecome a totally hapless pat-falling doe-eyed goofall. 4- May-Jane handles disappointments, mino setacks and commitment issues like a fou-yea old. 5- Hay Osone is a ainless weepy idiot, who wouldn't know genuine affection if he was xxxxxxx xxx fom ehind. 6- Despite the fact that Pete Pake's secet identity is his most pecious asset, he'll pull his mask off efoe, duing o afte a fight in font of othes at least twice in each movie. 7. New Yok Police Offices and Fiemen ae happy to stand idly spectating while a vigilante makes them look stupid. 8- None of the awad-winning jounalists who wok with Pete Pake ae smat enough to even wonde how he gets aeial panoamic shots of Spideman spot-fighting cime at least seven times a week. 9- May-Jane will still sceam wide-eyed at the gound fo minutes at a time despite eing hung fom something steel a mile up aout 6 times now, ut oy can she catch heself in a fall, and 10- Buce Campell is the most ciminally ovelooked acto of all time. Futhe, it also seems that the Osone's utle is so senile that he doesn't notice the fiction etween Hay and his est fiend until they have a fight which destoys an entie wing of the Osone mansion, we as an audience ae so uttely cow-eyed stupid we need TWO (adly-acted) news anchos spouting puile exposition to tell us that the heo is in toule while he's eing pounded y a 12-stoy sand golem, action sequences that ae so kinetic you can't tell what's going on ae now compulsoy y law, and most incedile of all, Alien symiotes have a unique popety that causes the most stultifyingly unlikely coincidences to occu in thei immediate vicinity ALL THE TIME. 3 of these 4 stas ae fo the scene whee the sandman is eon. Genuinely touching stuff. The est- meh.AlanJ.	6	May,,9,2007	 Geat special effects. Inteesting chaactes and stoyline, ut chaactes and stoy lines wee fully developed. Oveall, the movie was a it on the long side.AnonymousMC	9	May,,9,2007	Holy cap! You guys take this movie too seiously. It's a last. Unless you one of those ceepy guys who have seen evey movie known to man and ty to show thei intellect y *tching aout how supeheo movies A: ae slightly diffeent than the comics o B: ae too much like the comics, you'll like this. The fist sandman scene is the most eautiful special effects I've eve seen y the way.Sam	10	May,,9,2007	 Gogeous, spectacula, and almost uneaaly geat, I loved evey minute of it (save fo the idge scene).Amjad	8	Jun,12,2007	 I liked it, full of action and stong villains and yet has a sense of comedy and "coolness", GREAT MOVIE!PhilO.	5	Jun,,8,2007	 Spidey 3 povides mesmeizing special effects; howeve, that is its only saving gace. Audiences will e inundated with an esoteic and complicated stoyline, patly ecause of the addition of thee new villains, which ae not sufficiently delved into and which theey dilutes thei dangeous dispositions. This stategy employed y the wites and poduces makes Spidey 3 eeily simila to the disastous Batman movies that had two o thee majo villains vying fo the heo's demise. In the midst of its ovelong plot and stoyline, S3 is nonetheless asic, ough and unpocessed. Unfotunately, S3 gets tangled up in its own we.ThomasE.	10	Jul,10,2007	 Finally got aound to seeing this in IMAX. Sweeet! Geat gaphics, lots of humo, intense action, geat summe flick! Loved it!AllisonS.	10	Jul,18,2007	 Geat movie! If you didn't see it in theates (which is petty silly of you), ent it as soon as it comes out on DVD.jackb	8	Jul,26,2007	 I thought this movie was good, the movie had no plot, ut the villains, attles, and special effects wee awesome, especially Venom.Nick	7	Jul,,6,2007	 Disappointing, ut still fun.JasonE.	6	Aug,13,2007	 I yean fo the day that sequels pefe scaling ack in lieu of the Ovestuff. Villain on top of villain - tone change outside of tone change - poo May Jane is egaded with the same nonchalance...ouncing to and fom the same 2 men. Raimi invests 15 minutes into the Sandman's ackstoy then dops him as a chaacte til Venom equies a tag patne. One moment Toey's got oid age, the next he's stutting like Tony Maneo fom Flatush. Poo flick equies a valium. Thankfully, admist all the schizo amitions, thee ae pleasues. The menace of the 'venom' is oth well-ealized as a possessoy and malicious souce. Toey glides though the mateial with his usual effusive ease. Villainy is fa moe suited to Tophe's lizad eyes...and the special effects, especially the disintegating gains of the Sandman. If only thee was some tonal coheence and a singula commitment.Yourmother	10	Aug,18,2007	 This movie was, y fa the est spide man I've eve seen.scottwhetton	6	Aug,19,2007	Good stoy and good action ut all to cammed in to a mess. All that could of een fixed, if they just took the time in the stoy telling and made two movies out of this one. This would of aload fo moe action and stoy instead of a mess. What was done with venom was haale! They should of had a whole movie devoted to that adie. Instead they move hime aside as fast as he comes. Its a shame they could of ended up with a clissic movie.SujanS.	10	Aug,25,2007	 this was the est movie i eve watched. it has eveything fom action to comedy. plus the gaphics ae ette than eve, so is the fighting it is fast and intense, and the stoy line fo the movie follows the comic amazing spide man vey well. not to mention that the lack suit looks much ette than it was oiginally depicted.CraigAS	0	Sep,17,2007	 I am so glad I didn't pay money to see this evisionist, sloppy deck.MiKE	7	Jan,12,2008	I actually enjoyed watching this movie. Sue thee ae numeous stuip things, ut just ignoe them like they wee not thee and enjoy the est the movie. The special effects ae excellent! and the movie is loaded with them, I also found the stoy to e well witen as well. Once again afew lose ends. Oveall this is the 2nd est Spideman movie.JesseS.	1	Feb,18,2008	 Camming ove twenty yeas of comic histoy into a single hou of a movie won't help with stoyline o plot, ut it'll definitely help sales. One of the main polems of the movie is that the stoyline ushes and moves too fast. Scenes skip aound to the point whee you have to e paying close attention to what's going on, o you'll miss impotant plot points. Having said that, I'll talk aout individual pocesses. Tophe Gace's pefomance of Venom is less-than-spectacula. Venom is a chaacte who's the pue essence of evil. He oiginally had a distoted, sceech-like voice, ut now it's only slightly deepened y Gace's. The aundance of ad lines that Gace has don't help his pefomance, eithe. "I like eing ad. It makes me happy." That was one of the lines that made the movie feel like a ig, unimpotant joke. I did like the special effects of the Sandman and Thomas Hayden Chuch's pefomance. The pats of Venom could've een cut out to save fo anothe movie and this would've een geat. Weak suplots and ovely-fast pacing put the thid film as ad as Fantastic 4 : Rise of the Silve Sufe.DevonC	4	May,29,2008	 Spide-man 3 is vey disappointing. Raimi did so well with the fist two. But look at this cap, it deseves no awads. It has one eally good scene, which I will not identify, ut evey othe scene was eithe off, cheesy, izae, ove the top, weak, o just simply ad o stupid.JP	1	Jun,,8,2008	 Wods cannot adequately descie how ad this movie is. Flat acting pefomances, cinge-inducing and often pointless dialogue, idiculous action scenes, an plot that's oth ovestuffed and iddled with holes, and don't get me stated on the Spideman 'dance' scenes. I'm also still tying to figue out who was ehind a couple of the casting decisions (Tophe Gace as Eddie Bock? Really guys?) and the handling of the Pete Pake/MJ 'elationship' (if that's what you can call what went on in this movie). Avoid at all costs.CatherineN.	7	Oct,17,2009	 Spide Man could e a good teaching mateial fo childen, especially the Episode One. Spide Manljh	6	Jul,15,2009	 The action sequences in this film ae petty impessive, and the naative woks well too. But thee ae some moments that ae just cinge-wothy. When a film actually includes the line 'he seems to have appeaed fom no whee, just when all hope seemed lost', that's when it makes you want to gag. Plus watching a talented acto like Toy McGuie eing wasted on tying to potay a 'adass' Spidey is just emaassing. What makes this point wose is that when Hay (anothe cental chaacte) goes though his evil phase as the new Golin, it's a lot moe convincing and inteesting. Don't get me wong, it's not that I didn;t enjoy the film, it just took the whole 'cheesey' facto way too fa.dude	3	Nov,20,2007	 WHY DOES HE TURN EMO IN THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE? He even does the hai thing! And that stupid jazz dance scene, what the fuck was that?? The gaphics wee geat, the dialogue, I'm soy, just can't e taken seiously. Why was he dancing in the steets and giving the thums up like a jackass?Buck	2	Nov,24,2007	As a ig Sam Rami fan I cant elieve what a ig pile of manue Spideman 3 is.I can undestand going away fom the ooks on the oigin fo the symiont suit, explaining the secet was to people theat don't ead comic ooks would e petty tough.I could even undestand putting the sandman in the film.I might even have een ae to accept hay ecoming golin J. ut when he canged the single geatest spideman villain fom a middle aged epote to a whiney little Emo kid Venom also always efeed to itself as us and we  thats whee he eally lost me. In fact the only edeeming thing in the movie is Buce Campell playing the Fench Maite'De.Sam couldn't have made this movie any wose if he tied which makes me elieve that idiotic studio executives had moe to do with making this huge pile of elephant dung than Sam Rami did.PeterJ.	7	Nov,24,2007	 Good solid movie and vey entetaining. Not the est Spideman film, ut those giving this movie 1's and 2's ae asolute moons.UncleDougBigelow	1	Nov,26,2007	 Sandman killed this movie. The only eason it doesn't get a zeo is ecause Pake smacked M.J.JeffG.	0	Dec,,7,2007	Whining, complaining, and soap opea cliches fill up a movie with two good fight scenes.  Compaed to the comics, my favoite chaacte, Venom, is castated.  Something happens with some guy that tuns into sand, and the Geen Golin oes eveyone to death.  All that in ove two hous.  I got this movie fo fee, and I eget it dealy.JesseRakusin	0	Dec,,8,2007	sucks..  what a waste of 300 million dollas.. Sam Rami went ego insane. A movie full of cliche's ut in no way a spideman movie. Hoile. The action scene at the egining with pake and golin2 was cool esided that it's hoile. i mean eic fom the 70's show is a fine acto ut he's not f'n Venom. Venom is supposed to e a ad ass. This was almost as ad as giving supeman a kid. Complete cap wose than I expected and I was was expecting ad.Mike	8	May,11,2007	 I don't know why eveyody thought Spide-Man 2 was so geat, ut they don't like this one. Maye I'm just iased ecause Venom is one of my favoite chaactes in the Mavel univese. Yeah, it has its cony pats...guess what...so did the fist two! Yeah, it ties too had to e emotional and funny at the same time...guess what...so did the fist two! This installment was actually my favoite of the thee. It doesn't exactly impove on the fist two, ut I disagee with the notion that it's any wose than the othes.AndyA.	10	May,13,2007	 WhatBarryC.	9	May,13,2007	 Almost pefect. The way they display Spidey's agility is the way I saw him in my mind while eading the comics. The audience at my theate applauded when the Movie was finished. We all wanted moe. I can't wait until the next ISSUE!!!! Bing on Namo, Tho, StaLod....I wanna see them all!!StephenC.	8	May,13,2007	 The movie is eyond excelence. Action sequences wee amazing. My one polem was too much love stoy.ZinoD.	10	May,13,2007	 Has all the elements I liked fom the fist two Spideman films, ut also had a geat scipt with fogiveness as its theme. If you'e just into this fo the effects, they'e still good... ut it's geat to have something deepe to keep my attention when all that we-stuff just stats to take ove. I loved the scenes with Pake unde the influence of the dak suit, like his musical nume in MJ's a, his tantum with the landlod, and his pimp moves stylin down oadway o 5th Ave o whateve. The pans that don't think this movie's peky enough just aen't ale to sting wods togethe. The photojounalist that ecomes a monste isn't a iot? The sand guy just tying to potect his little gil isn't a geat metapho fo all the mistakes a fathe makes? These tinhon citics just ain't gettin it.MarkD.	8	May,15,2007	 I think some negative eviews ae OTT. It ain't as pefect as the othe 2 films ut it's not fa off. In tems of action and special effects it's actually the most spectacula of the 3 films. This isn't to say it fogets the human side that made this seies what it is. The action (as good as it is) still plays second fiddle to the elationships and toules of Pete Pake. It's to the wites cedit that you find youself caing moe aout the pesonal peolems of Pete, May and Hay then whethe Sandman tashes the city. Pefomances fom all main potagonists ae solid. Special mention to Thomas Haden Chuch's undestated Sandman and James Fanco who excells now that he's given a moe sustantial ole. Any polems with this film seem to lie with the confused diection of Sam Raimi. Half way though Spidey dons the lack suit, changes chaacte and goes on a ampage. Things stat to get inteesting. This is completly spoiled as Raimi goes oveoad on the "comedy". The its with Pake stutting down the steet, eyeing up gils and dancing like a coss etween john Tavolta and David Bent just made me cinge. Thee's a paadox hee and it doesn't wok; Is this meant to e a dake Spideman film (as the pe film hype would have us elieve) o a comedy? Is the lack Spideman meant to e nasty and dangeous with attitude o a pevy village idiot? It's as if Raimi wanted to make a dake, gittie Spideman ut chickened out half way though. Anothe lack mak against Yankee Doodle Raimi is yet moe shamefully latent flag waving nea the end of the film. Yes, we know Spideman's Ameican we don't need it shoving in ou faces. So, in conclusion this is an entetaining yet flawed film ut not as ad as some people say.IsaacG.	10	May,16,2007	 This movie was awesome. I know many people ae giping ecause Venom died, and it didn't follow the stoy exactly, howeve, none of the othe movies did. Not to mention, Spide-man 2.. we all know if Spide-man had managed to hit Doc-Ock in the comic it would knock him out.. the difficulty with hitting him stemmed fom his exta ams. No one had a polem with this, ut they had polems with Venom and Sandman? Fo what it was, it was done well.PhoebeT.	6	May,16,2007	 Spideman 3 didn't hold a candle with the pevious spideman movies... Although it's not a eally ad movie ut afte watching the pevious two it's kinda ovious that you should e expecting something moe fom the thid installment. Alas, it cetainly was lacking. Some pats of the movie wee cetainly dagging ut as usual the fighting scenes wee geat. But I hated it when they too fast to fully enjoy them. Maye the wong thing they did is putting all 3 villains in the movie. The chaactes of venom and sandman wee cetainly lacking in the development pat of the film. The wites should have done is maye have sandman & geen golin as the villain fo the movie maye a hint of venom at the end so that they will give something fo the audience to think aout. O maye only have venom as the villain, he cetainly enough fo a polem fo Sipdeman.AlexT.	4	May,19,2007	 Bleh. One ig so-fest sandwiched etween pedictale action scenes. The wost thing is that if you've seen the cinematic tailes, you know the asic plot of the film to a T. Venom is sevely undeused, Sandman is seveely oveused, and any attempt of coheence falls flat. And whoeve thought it would e a good idea to set a fight scene etween two of the main chaactes in the tilogy to an upeat piece of jazz pecussion should e fied.Drew	4	May,24,2007	 I specifically went fo Venom. I got it...in the last 10 minutes. What a tonado of sappiness and teile acting.GeorgeA.	10	May,25,2007	 Best movie of the yea. Action-packed, ut with chaactes you cae aout. Nice cappe to the tilogy. Now ing on 4!!!Nik	6	May,26,2007	 Thee's some top-notch action hee; ut the filmmakes tied a little to had to pack a punch with the thid Spide-Man film that they end up just making a huge mess out of things. They put too mucyh into it, and didn't focus enough on the good pats of the plot. Not to mention a few disespects towads the oiginal Spide-Man comics that comic ook neds ae sue not to e too happy aout.TomB	4	May,26,2007	 I could wite a long synopsis of this movie, ut I won't. When those two kids yell "awesome" and "wicked cool" when the giant Sandman goes down, it was cony, pooly acted and stupid eyond elief. Which petty much sums up this movie. Sam Raimi should e lackalled fom Hollywood.Chaz	10	May,26,2007	 Doesn't disappoint! Packed with humo, action and fun.AdamA.	5	May,27,2007	 The movie wasn't that ad until the ending, which left an awful taste in my mouth. What is it with hollywood wites that they can make a decent movie and destoy it with a cheesy, slapshod, hoily witten ending?JonM.	0	May,29,2007	 I eally liked the fist Spide-Man. The sequel I liked even moe. Chaactes wee moe fleshed out, gew moe, and developed moe so that y the time the loose ends fom the fist film ended, thee wee entiely new theads to deal with fo the thid movie. Needless to say, I had high expectations. I was soely disappointed. The dialogue was awful. Don't give me comic ook cheesy. The fist two movies had plenty of comic ook cheese that I enjoyed as much as the next peson. This movie was just pooly witten, pooly thought out. Thee was no chemisty etween Toey Maguie and Kisten Dunst. To top it all off, the pooly witten lines wee given even wose delivey y the actos. The Sand Man effects wee good, the Venom effects not so much. A complete miscast in Tophe Gace fo Eddie Bock/Venom. The only two scenes woth anything wee: the Buce Campell cameo scene. While expected, it was highly amusing, and the vey seventies Satuday Night Feve scene whee the new "dak" Pete Pake ties to e cool and fails aysmally. And when did "dak and not vey good" equate to emo? Eveything fom the dake, eye coveing hai to eye-line sceamed emo punk. With such high expectations and such a ig let down, I can't justify giving this movie any scoe.MarkB.	7	May,31,2007	 A eligious tact that I vey ecently spotted in a men's oom, not shy aout eing up-to-the-minute on pop cultue zeitgeist ut appaently eluctant to use Captain Jack Spaow as a ole model, dew a petinent analogy etween living the Chistian life and eing eveyone's favoite we-slinge. The pamphlet's thesis was that to tuly seve the Lod, Chistians have to say goodye to those things in the wold they love, just as Pete Pake, in ode to effectively fight cime and save the wold (o at least New Yok City), must give up his eloved May Jane. Since geat dama often involves having to make impossile Sophie's choices like this, the fist Spide-Man movie still stands as the ceam of Sam Raimi's tilogy. It tells us that you can't fulfill you destiny and STILL have MJ's love at the same time; Spide-Man 2, seen y most citics and fans as the apex of the seies, countes that you CAN. Spide-Man 3's thesis is that, yes, it IS possile...ut it's tough wok. All the deate aout whethe this installment is ovelong, ovestuffed and/o has two o thee villains too many has oscued the fact that, even moe than Spideys 1 and 2, Spidey 3 is a elationship movie font and cente; lose the action sequences, coloful costumes and mysteious lack goo, and you've got a igge chick flick than Petty Woman. The ups and downs of Pete's and MJ's omance ae discussed at geat length and in geat detail, with not one ut two thid paties aound to povide damatic conflict...and, most evealingly of all, the movie's final shot is NOT of Spidey in action ut of...well, see fo youself. Co-scenaist Alvin Sagent's pevious cedits (Odinay People, Julia) clealy show that he knows his way aound mateial like this, ut the occasionally foced esults, such as an extended estauant sequence in which MJ (Kisten Dunst) ties to shae a heateaking pofessional setack with Pete (Toey Maguie) and evey contivance in the wold including a Clouseau-like head waite comines to keep the message uncommunicated, show that Sagent isn't quite woking at his peak hee. (And in egads to anothe suplot, someone should emind Sagent and co-wites Sam and Ivan Raimi that amnesia, shot-tem memoy o whateve you want to call it, was officially outlawed y Congess afte it was used in a Gome Pyle episode in 1967.) Moe successful is the movie's depiction of Pete's inceasingly excessive pide in eing Spide-Man, which mophs into huis and then egomania. This is depicted powefully enough that the comic-ook McGuffin (a spiny, ta-like sustance fom the skies with chaacteistics common to the Alien, the Beast with Five Finges and the Id Monste) doesn't seem entiely necessay to explain it. Whethe thee villains in one movie is o isn't a case of ovesplat is est left discussed elsewhee, ut it is what it is, and Thomas Haden Chuch, Tophe Gace and James Fanco ae moe than satisfactoy, with Chuch vey affectingly haunted as Sandman; all thee have inteesting and convincing dimensions and motivations, ut then Spide-Man's nemeses have always had moe gay aeas than a shelf full of Jodi Picoult novels. Special effects ae moe than woth you ten ucks (Sandman's tansfomation in paticula is memoaly majestic and tagic) and the climactic punch-and-spin-out ove the city delives the goods, even if the unnecessay inclusion of epotes telling us what we'e aleady seeing is hokey enough fo a 1940s seial ut has no place hee. Spidey 3 isn't pefect, and yes, it is oveall the weakest of the thee, ut it's inteestingly offeat and amitious. In The Summe Of The Thid Pat That's Less Than The Othe Two (Eithe Togethe O Individually), if you have to choose to spend you entetainment dollas on eithe Spidey o Spaow, fa ette to get itten on the hand than staed in the ack.DarylB.	2	May,31,2007	 I enjoyed the action sequences. The est was teile. Asolutely and unequivocally teile. Cheesy to the exteme. I cinged though the disco steet scene and a lot of the dialogue.PaulC.	7	Aug,16,2007	 Spidey 3 was vey good, ut not geat. We all know that we wee waiting fo Venom!! I was left feeling a little 'ipped-off' in this aea. I had no emotion fo Sandman o his situation whatsoeve; I felt that the chaactes stoy was cammed in, thee was no need fo his stoy. The sceen time and money could have een ette off spent on Venom's stoy! The intoduction of the symioent left me thinking JoeS	2	Jul,22,2008	 Hoile compaed to the fist two, this was moe of a chick flickAnonymousMC	7	Jun,18,2009	Spide-Man 3 is just a huge disappointment. Thee ae some things I loved aout the film and things I disliked aout the film and things I just downight hated aout the film. Not a teile movie at all, not in the slightest. I had fun with it in some places and I liked its message, so I'm gonna e nice and give it a seven. By no means a ad movie, ut definitely a disappointment compaed to the fist two films.SS	2	Aug,19,2009	 The wost sequel I've eve seen to a good movie. What was Raimi on when he made this piece of cap?! Its like all the actos fogot how to act, all the wites fogot how to wite! This tavesty educes the gloy of Spide-Man, one of the geatest supeheoes of all time, to a steaming pile of dog doppings. When you see Toey, fesh fom his emo stupo sway dancing though the cowds midway though the pictue, that should e a good indication to leave the theate, if you haven't done so aleady.PeterP.	9	Aug,27,2009	 Hey, Chistophe P. (elow) get a gip man, it was a comic ook movie!! If you want eality, go watch a documentay! This movie was entetaining and fun to watch. Venom deseved his own movie though! Keep making em' ig Raimi and I can't wait fo pat 4 staing Canage and Reptile!!AcidM.	1	Nov,16,2007	 Wow. Afte seeing the villains in this one, I popose, that in "Spide-Man 4," they have Spide-Man fight a T-Rex with a lase eam, a flying shak with a tige's head, a 90-foot tall Hitle, and the 4 Hosemen of the Apocalypse.JamesF.	10	Nov,22,2007	 How's the Spide-Man 3? Soo good.KoryN.	0	Nov,23,2007	 This movie is a joke. It made me wish that movies had commecial inteuptions. I liked the pat whee thee was some swinging aound and punching and kicking and stuff up in the sky and some kid goes "Awesome!" and anothe kid goes "Wicked cool!!!" That pat was totally ad! This movie made me want to stick some of those oange cicus peanut candies up my nose and fie/low them at the television sceen so that they would stick to spide-man's face.BrandonCavnar	3	Dec,14,2007	Has Spidey gone EMO with his new do and lack ensemle?  They dilligently attempted to scew this movie oyally.  All cliches aside, why so many chaactes and no development?  It's dizzying with eveyone cying and pissing aout self-empowement.  This sequel should put spidey out of his sensitive misundestood misey.  I want my money ack!ChristopherP.	1	Dec,24,2008	 Insensile, hollow, soulless cap, even moeso if compaed to the pevious chapte. Nothing aout it woks like it should. Thee ae plot illogicalities that will make asolutely anyone ask themselves, "Huh?" Fo states, why did Pake think it was a good idea to make out with that new gil in font of eveyone, then follow up with a planned poposal to his official gilfiend? Was he olivious that she just might e thee watching the whole time? Then, when the gil shows up out of nowhee and talks aout how she kissed Spide-Man, it neve seems to egiste in him that something's not ight then. So then, afte it's poven that Pake's a douche, we immediately ae given a sad scene with Pake cying as we lean Sandman was his uncle's kille. Uh, okay, I thought the movie wanted me to feel esentment fo Pake's ovet aogance fo a second thee, ut this sad music wants me to feel sympathetic fo something else? Also, I know a omantic suplot is necessay, and I expected it completely, ut most of this movie was a soap opea, one fo which I wasn't ooting fo the main angst figue that is Pake. Pake does stupid, insensitive things the entie film. When he's not making us hate him y huting eveyone's emotions (and, in Hay's case, detonating a genade next to his face), he's tying to do it y eing a whiny little itch who doesn't seem to undestand why any of it's happening. The soap opea facto eaches citical mass, though, when Hay tells Pake he's "the othe guy" that MJ is afte, ight afte MJ tells him in teas that it's ove while he pulls out his engagement ing, also in teas. I undestand some amount of dama is to e expected in this movie, ut we'e so elentlessly omaded with histionic divel and sad piano music it's impossile not to get sick of it long efoe it's ove. I mean, fo Chist's sake, we get an -AMNESIA- plot device, one that's ecome a paody fo TV damas in itself. Futhe, one of my main easons fo going into the theate was to see Venom kick some ass. Unfotunately, while the omantic suplot was unfolding, and something which I guess is supposed to esemle comic elief in the infamous "emo-Pake" sequences, I spent the fist two-thids of the movie asking myself, "Whee the Hell is Venom?" When he finally got on, we get nothing at all woth watching. Also, efeing ack to the genade exploding a few inches y Hay's face, if anyone didn't notice, that same genade that managed to cause just a un completely oliteated Venom. Nothing else eally comes togethe to edeem it. The dialogue is unelievaly stupid and tite, the special effects ae ovepoduced to olivion and silliness, and the est pats involved the news station comedy its. Don't even get me stated on the emo-Pake comic elief scene, which could not possily have een moe ove-the-top inappopiate. I wasn't sue if I was supposed to e laughing, o if it was some kind of message aout Pake still eing a spiteful jek. I saw no good eason to feel ad fo him while he cold-heatedly caused evey event of his own miseale luck. Cushingly disappointing afte the idiculously awesome pevious enty. Just aysmal.